a10_server                                                    Manage A10 Networks AX/SoftAX/Thunder/v...
a10_server_axapi3                                             Manage A10 Networks AX/SoftAX/Thunder/v...
a10_service_group                                             Manage A10 Networks AX/SoftAX/Thunder/v...
a10_virtual_server                                            Manage A10 Networks AX/SoftAX/Thunder/v...
aci_aaa_user                                                  Manage AAA users (aaa:User)            
aci_aaa_user_certificate                                      Manage AAA user certificates (aaa:UserC...
aci_access_port_block_to_access_port                          Manage port blocks of Fabric interface ...
aci_access_port_to_interface_policy_leaf_profile              Manage Fabric interface policy leaf pro...
aci_access_sub_port_block_to_access_port                      Manage sub port blocks of Fabric interf...
aci_aep                                                       Manage attachable Access Entity Profile...
aci_aep_to_domain                                             Bind AEPs to Physical or Virtual Domain...
aci_ap                                                        Manage top level Application Profile (A...
aci_bd                                                        Manage Bridge Domains (BD) objects (fv:...
aci_bd_subnet                                                 Manage Subnets (fv:Subnet)             
aci_bd_to_l3out                                               Bind Bridge Domain to L3 Out (fv:RsBDTo...
aci_config_rollback                                           Provides rollback and rollback preview ...
aci_config_snapshot                                           Manage Config Snapshots (config:Snapsho...
aci_contract                                                  Manage contract resources (vz:BrCP)    
aci_contract_subject                                          Manage initial Contract Subjects (vz:Su...
aci_contract_subject_to_filter                                Bind Contract Subjects to Filters (vz:R...
aci_domain                                                    Manage physical, virtual, bridged, rout...
aci_domain_to_encap_pool                                      Bind Domain to Encap Pools (infra:RsVla...
aci_domain_to_vlan_pool                                       Bind Domain to VLAN Pools (infra:RsVlan...
aci_encap_pool                                                Manage encap pools (fvns:VlanInstP, fvn...
aci_encap_pool_range                                          Manage encap ranges assigned to pools (...
aci_epg                                                       Manage End Point Groups (EPG) objects (...
aci_epg_monitoring_policy                                     Manage monitoring policies (mon:EPGPol)
aci_epg_to_contract                                           Bind EPGs to Contracts (fv:RsCons, fv:R...
aci_epg_to_domain                                             Bind EPGs to Domains (fv:RsDomAtt)     
aci_fabric_node                                               Manage Fabric Node Members (fabric:Node...
aci_fabric_scheduler                                          This modules creates ACI schedulers    
aci_filter                                                    Manages top level filter objects (vz:Fi...
aci_filter_entry                                              Manage filter entries (vz:Entry)       
aci_firmware_group                                            This module creates a firmware group   
aci_firmware_group_node                                       This modules adds and remove nodes from...
aci_firmware_policy                                           This creates a firmware policy         
aci_firmware_source                                           Manage firmware image sources (firmware...
aci_interface_policy_cdp                                      Manage CDP interface policies (cdp:IfPo...
aci_interface_policy_fc                                       Manage Fibre Channel interface policies...
aci_interface_policy_l2                                       Manage Layer 2 interface policies (l2:I...
aci_interface_policy_leaf_policy_group                        Manage fabric interface policy leaf pol...
aci_interface_policy_leaf_profile                             Manage fabric interface policy leaf pro...
aci_interface_policy_lldp                                     Manage LLDP interface policies (lldp:If...
aci_interface_policy_mcp                                      Manage MCP interface policies (mcp:IfPo...
aci_interface_policy_ospf                                     Manage OSPF interface policies (ospf:If...
aci_interface_policy_port_channel                             Manage port channel interface policies ...
aci_interface_policy_port_security                            Manage port security (l2:PortSecurityPo...
aci_interface_selector_to_switch_policy_leaf_profile          Bind interface selector profiles to swi...
aci_l3out                                                     Manage Layer 3 Outside (L3Out) objects ...
aci_l3out_extepg                                              Manage External Network Instance Profil...
aci_l3out_extsubnet                                           Manage External Subnet objects (l3extSu...
aci_l3out_route_tag_policy                                    Manage route tag policies (l3ext:RouteT...
aci_maintenance_group                                         This creates an ACI maintenance group  
aci_maintenance_group_node                                    Manage maintenance group nodes         
aci_maintenance_policy                                        Manage firmware maintenance policies   
aci_rest                                                      Direct access to the Cisco APIC REST AP...
aci_static_binding_to_epg                                     Bind static paths to EPGs (fv:RsPathAtt...
aci_switch_leaf_selector                                      Bind leaf selectors to switch policy le...
aci_switch_policy_leaf_profile                                Manage switch policy leaf profiles (inf...
aci_switch_policy_vpc_protection_group                        Manage switch policy explicit vPC prote...
aci_taboo_contract                                            Manage taboo contracts (vz:BrCP)       
aci_tenant                                                    Manage tenants (fv:Tenant)             
aci_tenant_action_rule_profile                                Manage action rule profiles (rtctrl:Att...
aci_tenant_ep_retention_policy                                Manage End Point (EP) retention protoco...
aci_tenant_span_dst_group                                     Manage SPAN destination groups (span:De...
aci_tenant_span_src_group                                     Manage SPAN source groups (span:SrcGrp)
aci_tenant_span_src_group_to_dst_group                        Bind SPAN source groups to destination ...
aci_vlan_pool                                                 Manage VLAN pools (fvns:VlanInstP)     
aci_vlan_pool_encap_block                                     Manage encap blocks assigned to VLAN po...
aci_vmm_credential                                            Manage virtual domain credential profil...
aci_vrf                                                       Manage contexts or VRFs (fv:Ctx)       
acl                                                           Set and retrieve file ACL information  
acme_account                                                  Create, modify or delete ACME accounts 
acme_account_info                                             Retrieves information on ACME accounts 
acme_certificate                                              Create SSL/TLS certificates with the AC...
acme_certificate_revoke                                       Revoke certificates with the ACME proto...
acme_challenge_cert_helper                                    Prepare certificates required for ACME ...
acme_inspect                                                  Send direct requests to an ACME server 
add_host                                                      Add a host (and alternatively a group) ...
aerospike_migrations                                          Check or wait for migrations between no...
airbrake_deployment                                           Notify airbrake about app deployments  
aireos_command                                                Run commands on remote devices running ...
aireos_config                                                 Manage Cisco WLC configurations        
aix_devices                                                   Manages AIX devices                    
aix_filesystem                                                Configure LVM and NFS file systems for ...
aix_inittab                                                   Manages the inittab on AIX             
aix_lvg                                                       Manage LVM volume groups on AIX        
aix_lvol                                                      Configure AIX LVM logical volumes      
ali_instance                                                  Create, Start, Stop, Restart or Termina...
ali_instance_info                                             Gather information on instances of Alib...
alternatives                                                  Manages alternative programs for common...
apache2_mod_proxy                                             Set and/or get members' attributes of a...
apache2_module                                                Enables/disables a module of the Apache...
apk                                                           Manages apk packages                   
apt                                                           Manages apt-packages                   
apt_key                                                       Add or remove an apt key               
apt_repo                                                      Manage APT repositories via apt-repo   
apt_repository                                                Add and remove APT repositories        
apt_rpm                                                       apt_rpm package manager                
archive                                                       Creates a compressed archive of one or ...
aruba_command                                                 Run commands on remote devices running ...
aruba_config                                                  Manage Aruba configuration sections    
asa_acl                                                       Manage access-lists on a Cisco ASA     
asa_command                                                   Run arbitrary commands on Cisco ASA dev...
asa_config                                                    Manage configuration sections on Cisco ...
asa_og                                                        Manage object groups on a Cisco ASA    
assemble                                                      Assemble configuration files from fragm...
assert                                                        Asserts given expressions are true     
async_status                                                  Obtain status of asynchronous task     
at                                                            Schedule the execution of a command or ...
atomic_container                                              Manage the containers on the atomic hos...
atomic_host                                                   Manage the atomic host platform        
atomic_image                                                  Manage the container images on the atom...
authorized_key                                                Adds or removes an SSH authorized key  
avi_actiongroupconfig                                         Module for setup of ActionGroupConfig A...
avi_alertconfig                                               Module for setup of AlertConfig Avi RES...
avi_alertemailconfig                                          Module for setup of AlertEmailConfig Av...
avi_alertscriptconfig                                         Module for setup of AlertScriptConfig A...
avi_alertsyslogconfig                                         Module for setup of AlertSyslogConfig A...
avi_analyticsprofile                                          Module for setup of AnalyticsProfile Av...
avi_api_session                                               Avi API Module                         
avi_api_version                                               Avi API Version Module                 
avi_applicationpersistenceprofile                             Module for setup of ApplicationPersiste...
avi_applicationprofile                                        Module for setup of ApplicationProfile ...
avi_authprofile                                               Module for setup of AuthProfile Avi RES...
avi_autoscalelaunchconfig                                     Module for setup of AutoScaleLaunchConf...
avi_backup                                                    Module for setup of Backup Avi RESTful ...
avi_backupconfiguration                                       Module for setup of BackupConfiguration...
avi_certificatemanagementprofile                              Module for setup of CertificateManageme...
avi_cloud                                                     Module for setup of Cloud Avi RESTful O...
avi_cloudconnectoruser                                        Module for setup of CloudConnectorUser ...
avi_cloudproperties                                           Module for setup of CloudProperties Avi...
avi_cluster                                                   Module for setup of Cluster Avi RESTful...
avi_clusterclouddetails                                       Module for setup of ClusterCloudDetails...
avi_controllerproperties                                      Module for setup of ControllerPropertie...
avi_customipamdnsprofile                                      Module for setup of CustomIpamDnsProfil...
avi_dnspolicy                                                 Module for setup of DnsPolicy Avi RESTf...
avi_errorpagebody                                             Module for setup of ErrorPageBody Avi R...
avi_errorpageprofile                                          Module for setup of ErrorPageProfile Av...
avi_gslb                                                      Module for setup of Gslb Avi RESTful Ob...
avi_gslbgeodbprofile                                          Module for setup of GslbGeoDbProfile Av...
avi_gslbservice                                               Module for setup of GslbService Avi RES...
avi_gslbservice_patch_member                                  Avi API Module                         
avi_hardwaresecuritymodulegroup                               Module for setup of HardwareSecurityMod...
avi_healthmonitor                                             Module for setup of HealthMonitor Avi R...
avi_httppolicyset                                             Module for setup of HTTPPolicySet Avi R...
avi_ipaddrgroup                                               Module for setup of IpAddrGroup Avi RES...
avi_ipamdnsproviderprofile                                    Module for setup of IpamDnsProviderProf...
avi_l4policyset                                               Module for setup of L4PolicySet Avi RES...
avi_microservicegroup                                         Module for setup of MicroServiceGroup A...
avi_network                                                   Module for setup of Network Avi RESTful...
avi_networkprofile                                            Module for setup of NetworkProfile Avi ...
avi_networksecuritypolicy                                     Module for setup of NetworkSecurityPoli...
avi_pkiprofile                                                Module for setup of PKIProfile Avi REST...
avi_pool                                                      Module for setup of Pool Avi RESTful Ob...
avi_poolgroup                                                 Module for setup of PoolGroup Avi RESTf...
avi_poolgroupdeploymentpolicy                                 Module for setup of PoolGroupDeployment...
avi_prioritylabels                                            Module for setup of PriorityLabels Avi ...
avi_role                                                      Module for setup of Role Avi RESTful Ob...
avi_scheduler                                                 Module for setup of Scheduler Avi RESTf...
avi_seproperties                                              Module for setup of SeProperties Avi RE...
avi_serverautoscalepolicy                                     Module for setup of ServerAutoScalePoli...
avi_serviceengine                                             Module for setup of ServiceEngine Avi R...
avi_serviceenginegroup                                        Module for setup of ServiceEngineGroup ...
avi_snmptrapprofile                                           Module for setup of SnmpTrapProfile Avi...
avi_sslkeyandcertificate                                      Module for setup of SSLKeyAndCertificat...
avi_sslprofile                                                Module for setup of SSLProfile Avi REST...
avi_stringgroup                                               Module for setup of StringGroup Avi RES...
avi_systemconfiguration                                       Module for setup of SystemConfiguration...
avi_tenant                                                    Module for setup of Tenant Avi RESTful ...
avi_trafficcloneprofile                                       Module for setup of TrafficCloneProfile...
avi_user                                                      Avi User Module                        
avi_useraccount                                               Avi UserAccount Module                 
avi_useraccountprofile                                        Module for setup of UserAccountProfile ...
avi_virtualservice                                            Module for setup of VirtualService Avi ...
avi_vrfcontext                                                Module for setup of VrfContext Avi REST...
avi_vsdatascriptset                                           Module for setup of VSDataScriptSet Avi...
avi_vsvip                                                     Module for setup of VsVip Avi RESTful O...
avi_webhook                                                   Module for setup of Webhook Avi RESTful...
awall                                                         Manage awall policies                  
aws_acm_info                                                  Retrieve certificate information from A...
aws_api_gateway                                               Manage AWS API Gateway APIs            
aws_application_scaling_policy                                Manage Application Auto Scaling Scaling...
aws_az_info                                                   Gather information about availability z...
aws_batch_compute_environment                                 Manage AWS Batch Compute Environments  
aws_batch_job_definition                                      Manage AWS Batch Job Definitions       
aws_batch_job_queue                                           Manage AWS Batch Job Queues            
aws_caller_info                                               Get information about the user and acco...
aws_codebuild                                                 Create or delete an AWS CodeBuild proje...
aws_codecommit                                                Manage repositories in AWS CodeCommit  
aws_codepipeline                                              Create or delete AWS CodePipelines     
aws_config_aggregation_authorization                          Manage cross-account AWS Config authori...
aws_config_aggregator                                         Manage AWS Config aggregations across m...
aws_config_delivery_channel                                   Manage AWS Config delivery channels    
aws_config_recorder                                           Manage AWS Config Recorders            
aws_config_rule                                               Manage AWS Config resources            
aws_direct_connect_connection                                 Creates, deletes, modifies a DirectConn...
aws_direct_connect_gateway                                    Manage AWS Direct Connect Gateway      
aws_direct_connect_link_aggregation_group                     Manage Direct Connect LAG bundles      
aws_direct_connect_virtual_interface                          Manage Direct Connect virtual interface...
aws_eks_cluster                                               Manage Elastic Kubernetes Service Clust...
aws_elasticbeanstalk_app                                      create, update, and delete an elastic b...
aws_glue_connection                                           Manage an AWS Glue connection          
aws_glue_job                                                  Manage an AWS Glue job                 
aws_inspector_target                                          Create, Update and Delete Amazon Inspec...
aws_kms                                                       Perform various KMS management tasks   
aws_kms_info                                                  Gather information about AWS KMS keys  
aws_netapp_cvs_FileSystems                                    NetApp AWS Cloud Volumes Service Manage...
aws_netapp_cvs_active_directory                               NetApp AWS CloudVolumes Service Manage ...
aws_netapp_cvs_pool                                           NetApp AWS Cloud Volumes Service Manage...
aws_netapp_cvs_snapshots                                      NetApp AWS Cloud Volumes Service Manage...
aws_region_info                                               Gather information about AWS regions   
aws_s3                                                        manage objects in S3                   
aws_s3_bucket_info                                            Lists S3 buckets in AWS                
aws_s3_cors                                                   Manage CORS for S3 buckets in AWS      
aws_secret                                                    Manage secrets stored in AWS Secrets Ma...
aws_ses_identity                                              Manages SES email and domain identity  
aws_ses_identity_policy                                       Manages SES sending authorization polic...
aws_ses_rule_set                                              Manages SES inbound receipt rule sets  
aws_sgw_info                                                  Fetch AWS Storage Gateway information  
aws_ssm_parameter_store                                       Manage key-value pairs in aws parameter...
aws_waf_condition                                             create and delete WAF Conditions       
aws_waf_info                                                  Retrieve information for WAF ACLs, Rule...
aws_waf_rule                                                  create and delete WAF Rules            
aws_waf_web_acl                                               create and delete WAF Web ACLs         
azure_rm_acs                                                  Manage an Azure Container Service(ACS) ...
azure_rm_aks                                                  Manage a managed Azure Container Servic...
azure_rm_aks_info                                             Get Azure Kubernetes Service facts     
azure_rm_aksversion_info                                      Get available kubernetes versions suppo...
azure_rm_appgateway                                           Manage Application Gateway instance    
azure_rm_applicationsecuritygroup                             Manage Azure Application Security Group
azure_rm_applicationsecuritygroup_info                        Get Azure Application Security Group fa...
azure_rm_appserviceplan                                       Manage App Service Plan                
azure_rm_appserviceplan_info                                  Get azure app service plan facts       
azure_rm_automationaccount                                    Manage Azure Automation account        
azure_rm_automationaccount_info                               Get Azure automation account facts     
azure_rm_autoscale                                            Manage Azure autoscale setting         
azure_rm_autoscale_info                                       Get Azure Auto Scale Setting facts     
azure_rm_availabilityset                                      Manage Azure Availability Set          
azure_rm_availabilityset_info                                 Get Azure Availability Set facts       
azure_rm_azurefirewall                                        Manage Azure Firewall instance         
azure_rm_azurefirewall_info                                   Get AzureFirewall info                 
azure_rm_batchaccount                                         Manages a Batch Account on Azure       
azure_rm_cdnendpoint                                          Manage a Azure CDN endpoint            
azure_rm_cdnendpoint_info                                     Get Azure CDN endpoint facts           
azure_rm_cdnprofile                                           Manage a Azure CDN profile             
azure_rm_cdnprofile_info                                      Get Azure CDN profile facts            
azure_rm_containerinstance                                    Manage an Azure Container Instance     
azure_rm_containerinstance_info                               Get Azure Container Instance facts     
azure_rm_containerregistry                                    Manage an Azure Container Registry     
azure_rm_containerregistry_info                               Get Azure Container Registry facts     
azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount                                      Manage Azure Database Account instance 
azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount_info                                 Get Azure Cosmos DB Account facts      
azure_rm_deployment                                           Create or destroy Azure Resource Manage...
azure_rm_deployment_info                                      Get Azure Deployment facts             
azure_rm_devtestlab                                           Manage Azure DevTest Lab instance      
azure_rm_devtestlab_info                                      Get Azure DevTest Lab facts            
azure_rm_devtestlabarmtemplate_info                           Get Azure DevTest Lab ARM Template fact...
azure_rm_devtestlabartifact_info                              Get Azure DevTest Lab Artifact facts   
azure_rm_devtestlabartifactsource                             Manage Azure DevTest Labs Artifacts Sou...
azure_rm_devtestlabartifactsource_info                        Get Azure DevTest Lab Artifact Source f...
azure_rm_devtestlabcustomimage                                Manage Azure DevTest Lab Custom Image i...
azure_rm_devtestlabcustomimage_info                           Get Azure DevTest Lab Custom Image fact...
azure_rm_devtestlabenvironment                                Manage Azure DevTest Lab Environment in...
azure_rm_devtestlabenvironment_info                           Get Azure Environment facts            
azure_rm_devtestlabpolicy                                     Manage Azure Policy instance           
azure_rm_devtestlabpolicy_info                                Get Azure DTL Policy facts             
azure_rm_devtestlabschedule                                   Manage Azure DevTest Lab Schedule insta...
azure_rm_devtestlabschedule_info                              Get Azure Schedule facts               
azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine                             Manage Azure DevTest Lab Virtual Machin...
azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine_info                        Get Azure DevTest Lab Virtual Machine f...
azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualnetwork                             Manage Azure DevTest Lab Virtual Networ...
azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualnetwork_info                        Get Azure DevTest Lab Virtual Network f...
azure_rm_dnsrecordset                                         Create, delete and update DNS record se...
azure_rm_dnsrecordset_info                                    Get DNS Record Set facts               
azure_rm_dnszone                                              Manage Azure DNS zones                 
azure_rm_dnszone_info                                         Get DNS zone facts                     
azure_rm_functionapp                                          Manage Azure Function Apps             
azure_rm_functionapp_info                                     Get Azure Function App facts           
azure_rm_gallery                                              Manage Azure Shared Image Gallery insta...
azure_rm_gallery_info                                         Get Azure Shared Image Gallery info    
azure_rm_galleryimage                                         Manage Azure SIG Image instance        
azure_rm_galleryimage_info                                    Get Azure SIG Image info               
azure_rm_galleryimageversion                                  Manage Azure SIG Image Version instance
azure_rm_galleryimageversion_info                             Get Azure SIG Image Version info       
azure_rm_hdinsightcluster                                     Manage Azure HDInsight Cluster instance
azure_rm_hdinsightcluster_info                                Get Azure HDInsight Cluster facts      
azure_rm_image                                                Manage Azure image                     
azure_rm_image_info                                           Get facts about azure custom images    
azure_rm_iotdevice                                            Manage Azure IoT hub device            
azure_rm_iotdevice_info                                       Facts of Azure IoT hub device          
azure_rm_iotdevicemodule                                      Manage Azure IoT hub device module     
azure_rm_iothub                                               Manage Azure IoT hub                   
azure_rm_iothub_info                                          Get IoT Hub facts                      
azure_rm_iothubconsumergroup                                  Manage Azure IoT hub                   
azure_rm_keyvault                                             Manage Key Vault instance              
azure_rm_keyvault_info                                        Get Azure Key Vault facts              
azure_rm_keyvaultkey                                          Use Azure KeyVault keys                
azure_rm_keyvaultkey_info                                     Get Azure Key Vault key facts          
azure_rm_keyvaultsecret                                       Use Azure KeyVault Secrets             
azure_rm_loadbalancer                                         Manage Azure load balancers            
azure_rm_loadbalancer_info                                    Get load balancer facts                
azure_rm_lock                                                 Manage Azure locks                     
azure_rm_lock_info                                            Manage Azure locks                     
azure_rm_loganalyticsworkspace                                Manage Azure Log Analytics workspaces  
azure_rm_loganalyticsworkspace_info                           Get facts of Azure Log Analytics worksp...
azure_rm_manageddisk                                          Manage Azure Manage Disks              
azure_rm_manageddisk_info                                     Get managed disk facts                 
azure_rm_mariadbconfiguration                                 Manage Configuration instance          
azure_rm_mariadbconfiguration_info                            Get Azure MariaDB Configuration facts  
azure_rm_mariadbdatabase                                      Manage MariaDB Database instance       
azure_rm_mariadbdatabase_info                                 Get Azure MariaDB Database facts       
azure_rm_mariadbfirewallrule                                  Manage MariaDB firewall rule instance  
azure_rm_mariadbfirewallrule_info                             Get Azure MariaDB Firewall Rule facts  
azure_rm_mariadbserver                                        Manage MariaDB Server instance         
azure_rm_mariadbserver_info                                   Get Azure MariaDB Server facts         
azure_rm_monitorlogprofile                                    Manage Azure Monitor log profile       
azure_rm_mysqlconfiguration                                   Manage Configuration instance          
azure_rm_mysqlconfiguration_info                              Get Azure MySQL Configuration facts    
azure_rm_mysqldatabase                                        Manage MySQL Database instance         
azure_rm_mysqldatabase_info                                   Get Azure MySQL Database facts         
azure_rm_mysqlfirewallrule                                    Manage MySQL firewall rule instance    
azure_rm_mysqlfirewallrule_info                               Get Azure MySQL Firewall Rule facts    
azure_rm_mysqlserver                                          Manage MySQL Server instance           
azure_rm_mysqlserver_info                                     Get Azure MySQL Server facts           
azure_rm_networkinterface                                     Manage Azure network interfaces        
azure_rm_networkinterface_info                                Get network interface facts            
azure_rm_postgresqlconfiguration                              Manage Azure PostgreSQL Configuration  
azure_rm_postgresqlconfiguration_info                         Get Azure PostgreSQL Configuration fact...
azure_rm_postgresqldatabase                                   Manage PostgreSQL Database instance    
azure_rm_postgresqldatabase_info                              Get Azure PostgreSQL Database facts    
azure_rm_postgresqlfirewallrule                               Manage PostgreSQL firewall rule instanc...
azure_rm_postgresqlfirewallrule_info                          Get Azure PostgreSQL Firewall Rule fact...
azure_rm_postgresqlserver                                     Manage PostgreSQL Server instance      
azure_rm_postgresqlserver_info                                Get Azure PostgreSQL Server facts      
azure_rm_publicipaddress                                      Manage Azure Public IP Addresses       
azure_rm_publicipaddress_info                                 Get public IP facts                    
azure_rm_rediscache                                           Manage Azure Cache for Redis instance  
azure_rm_rediscache_info                                      Get Azure Cache for Redis instance fact...
azure_rm_rediscachefirewallrule                               Manage Azure Cache for Redis Firewall r...
azure_rm_resource                                             Create any Azure resource              
azure_rm_resource_info                                        Generic facts of Azure resources       
azure_rm_resourcegroup                                        Manage Azure resource groups           
azure_rm_resourcegroup_info                                   Get resource group facts               
azure_rm_roleassignment                                       Manage Azure Role Assignment           
azure_rm_roleassignment_info                                  Gets Azure Role Assignment facts       
azure_rm_roledefinition                                       Manage Azure Role Definition           
azure_rm_roledefinition_info                                  Get Azure Role Definition facts        
azure_rm_route                                                Manage Azure route resource            
azure_rm_routetable                                           Manage Azure route table resource      
azure_rm_routetable_info                                      Get route table facts                  
azure_rm_securitygroup                                        Manage Azure network security groups   
azure_rm_securitygroup_info                                   Get security group facts               
azure_rm_servicebus                                           Manage Azure Service Bus               
azure_rm_servicebus_info                                      Get servicebus facts                   
azure_rm_servicebusqueue                                      Manage Azure Service Bus queue         
azure_rm_servicebussaspolicy                                  Manage Azure Service Bus SAS policy    
azure_rm_servicebustopic                                      Manage Azure Service Bus               
azure_rm_servicebustopicsubscription                          Manage Azure Service Bus subscription  
azure_rm_snapshot                                             Manage Azure Snapshot instance         
azure_rm_sqldatabase                                          Manage SQL Database instance           
azure_rm_sqldatabase_info                                     Get Azure SQL Database facts           
azure_rm_sqlfirewallrule                                      Manage Firewall Rule instance          
azure_rm_sqlfirewallrule_info                                 Get Azure SQL Firewall Rule facts      
azure_rm_sqlserver                                            Manage SQL Server instance             
azure_rm_sqlserver_info                                       Get SQL Server facts                   
azure_rm_storageaccount                                       Manage Azure storage accounts          
azure_rm_storageaccount_info                                  Get storage account facts              
azure_rm_storageblob                                          Manage blob containers and blob objects
azure_rm_subnet                                               Manage Azure subnets                   
azure_rm_subnet_info                                          Get Azure Subnet facts                 
azure_rm_trafficmanagerendpoint                               Manage Azure Traffic Manager endpoint  
azure_rm_trafficmanagerendpoint_info                          Get Azure Traffic Manager endpoint fact...
azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile                                Manage Azure Traffic Manager profile   
azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile_info                           Get Azure Traffic Manager profile facts
azure_rm_virtualmachine                                       Manage Azure virtual machines          
azure_rm_virtualmachine_info                                  Get virtual machine facts              
azure_rm_virtualmachineextension                              Managed Azure Virtual Machine extension
azure_rm_virtualmachineextension_info                         Get Azure Virtual Machine Extension fac...
azure_rm_virtualmachineimage_info                             Get virtual machine image facts        
azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset                               Manage Azure virtual machine scale sets
azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset_info                          Get Virtual Machine Scale Set facts    
azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetextension                      Manage Azure Virtual Machine Scale Set ...
azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetextension_info                 Get Azure Virtual Machine Scale Set Ext...
azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetinstance                       Get Azure Virtual Machine Scale Set Ins...
azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetinstance_info                  Get Azure Virtual Machine Scale Set Ins...
azure_rm_virtualnetwork                                       Manage Azure virtual networks          
azure_rm_virtualnetwork_info                                  Get virtual network facts              
azure_rm_virtualnetworkgateway                                Manage Azure virtual network gateways  
azure_rm_virtualnetworkpeering                                Manage Azure Virtual Network Peering   
azure_rm_virtualnetworkpeering_info                           Get facts of Azure Virtual Network Peer...
azure_rm_webapp                                               Manage Web App instances               
azure_rm_webapp_info                                          Get Azure web app facts                
azure_rm_webappslot                                           Manage Azure Web App slot              
bcf_switch                                                    Create and remove a bcf switch         
beadm                                                         Manage ZFS boot environments on FreeBSD...
bearychat                                                     Send BearyChat notifications           
bigip_apm_acl                                                 Manage user-defined APM ACLs           
bigip_apm_network_access                                      Manage APM Network Access resource     
bigip_apm_policy_fetch                                        Exports the APM policy or APM access pr...
bigip_apm_policy_import                                       Manage BIG-IP APM policy or APM access ...
bigip_appsvcs_extension                                       Manage application service deployments 
bigip_asm_dos_application                                     Manage application settings for DOS pro...
bigip_asm_policy                                              Manage BIG-IP ASM policies             
bigip_asm_policy_fetch                                        Exports the asm policy from remote node...
bigip_asm_policy_import                                       Manage BIG-IP ASM policy imports       
bigip_asm_policy_manage                                       Manage BIG-IP ASM policies             
bigip_asm_policy_server_technology                            Manages Server Technology on ASM policy
bigip_asm_policy_signature_set                                Manages Signature Sets on ASM policy   
bigip_cli_alias                                               Manage CLI aliases on a BIG-IP         
bigip_cli_script                                              Manage CLI scripts on a BIG-IP         
bigip_command                                                 Run TMSH and BASH commands on F5 device...
bigip_config                                                  Manage BIG-IP configuration sections   
bigip_configsync_action                                       Perform different actions related to co...
bigip_data_group                                              Manage data groups on a BIG-IP         
bigip_device_auth                                             Manage system authentication on a BIG-I...
bigip_device_auth_ldap                                        Manage LDAP device authentication setti...
bigip_device_certificate                                      Manage self-signed device certificates 
bigip_device_connectivity                                     Manages device IP configuration setting...
bigip_device_dns                                              Manage BIG-IP device DNS settings      
bigip_device_group                                            Manage device groups on a BIG-IP       
bigip_device_group_member                                     Manages members in a device group      
bigip_device_ha_group                                         Manage HA group settings on a BIG-IP sy...
bigip_device_httpd                                            Manage HTTPD related settings on BIG-IP
bigip_device_info                                             Collect information from F5 BIG-IP devi...
bigip_device_license                                          Manage license installation and activat...
bigip_device_ntp                                              Manage NTP servers on a BIG-IP         
bigip_device_sshd                                             Manage the SSHD settings of a BIG-IP   
bigip_device_syslog                                           Manage system-level syslog settings on ...
bigip_device_traffic_group                                    Manages traffic groups on BIG-IP       
bigip_device_trust                                            Manage the trust relationships between ...
bigip_dns_cache_resolver                                      Manage DNS resolver cache configuration...
bigip_dns_nameserver                                          Manage LTM DNS nameservers on a BIG-IP 
bigip_dns_resolver                                            Manage DNS resolvers on a BIG-IP       
bigip_dns_zone                                                Manage DNS zones on BIG-IP             
bigip_facts                                                   Collect facts from F5 BIG-IP devices   
bigip_file_copy                                               Manage files in datastores on a BIG-IP 
bigip_firewall_address_list                                   Manage address lists on BIG-IP AFM     
bigip_firewall_dos_profile                                    Manage AFM DoS profiles on a BIG-IP    
bigip_firewall_dos_vector                                     Manage attack vector configuration in a...
bigip_firewall_global_rules                                   Manage AFM global rule settings on BIG-...
bigip_firewall_log_profile                                    Manages AFM logging profiles configured...
bigip_firewall_log_profile_network                            Configures Network Firewall related set...
bigip_firewall_policy                                         Manage AFM security firewall policies o...
bigip_firewall_port_list                                      Manage port lists on BIG-IP AFM        
bigip_firewall_rule                                           Manage AFM Firewall rules              
bigip_firewall_rule_list                                      Manage AFM security firewall policies o...
bigip_firewall_schedule                                       Manage BIG-IP AFM schedule configuratio...
bigip_gtm_datacenter                                          Manage Datacenter configuration in BIG-...
bigip_gtm_facts                                               Collect facts from F5 BIG-IP GTM device...
bigip_gtm_global                                              Manages global GTM settings            
bigip_gtm_monitor_bigip                                       Manages F5 BIG-IP GTM BIG-IP monitors  
bigip_gtm_monitor_external                                    Manages external GTM monitors on a BIG-...
bigip_gtm_monitor_firepass                                    Manages F5 BIG-IP GTM FirePass monitors
bigip_gtm_monitor_http                                        Manages F5 BIG-IP GTM http monitors    
bigip_gtm_monitor_https                                       Manages F5 BIG-IP GTM https monitors   
bigip_gtm_monitor_tcp                                         Manages F5 BIG-IP GTM tcp monitors     
bigip_gtm_monitor_tcp_half_open                               Manages F5 BIG-IP GTM tcp half-open mon...
bigip_gtm_pool                                                Manages F5 BIG-IP GTM pools            
bigip_gtm_pool_member                                         Manage GTM pool member settings        
bigip_gtm_server                                              Manages F5 BIG-IP GTM servers          
bigip_gtm_topology_record                                     Manages GTM Topology Records           
bigip_gtm_topology_region                                     Manages GTM Topology Regions           
bigip_gtm_virtual_server                                      Manages F5 BIG-IP GTM virtual servers  
bigip_gtm_wide_ip                                             Manages F5 BIG-IP GTM wide ip          
bigip_hostname                                                Manage the hostname of a BIG-IP        
bigip_iapp_service                                            Manages TCL iApp services on a BIG-IP  
bigip_iapp_template                                           Manages TCL iApp templates on a BIG-IP 
bigip_ike_peer                                                Manage IPSec IKE Peer configuration on ...
bigip_imish_config                                            Manage BIG-IP advanced routing configur...
bigip_ipsec_policy                                            Manage IPSec policies on a BIG-IP      
bigip_irule                                                   Manage iRules across different modules ...
bigip_log_destination                                         Manages log destinations on a BIG-IP   
bigip_log_publisher                                           Manages log publishers on a BIG-IP     
bigip_lx_package                                              Manages Javascript LX packages on a BIG...
bigip_management_route                                        Manage system management routes on a BI...
bigip_message_routing_peer                                    Manage peers for routing generic messag...
bigip_message_routing_protocol                                Manage generic message parser profile  
bigip_message_routing_route                                   Manages static routes for routing messa...
bigip_message_routing_router                                  Manages router profiles for message-rou...
bigip_message_routing_transport_config                        Manages configuration for an outgoing c...
bigip_monitor_dns                                             Manage DNS monitors on a BIG-IP        
bigip_monitor_external                                        Manages external LTM monitors on a BIG-...
bigip_monitor_gateway_icmp                                    Manages F5 BIG-IP LTM gateway ICMP moni...
bigip_monitor_http                                            Manages F5 BIG-IP LTM http monitors    
bigip_monitor_https                                           Manages F5 BIG-IP LTM https monitors   
bigip_monitor_ldap                                            Manages BIG-IP LDAP monitors           
bigip_monitor_snmp_dca                                        Manages BIG-IP SNMP data collecting age...
bigip_monitor_tcp                                             Manages F5 BIG-IP LTM tcp monitors     
bigip_monitor_tcp_echo                                        Manages F5 BIG-IP LTM tcp echo monitors
bigip_monitor_tcp_half_open                                   Manages F5 BIG-IP LTM tcp half-open mon...
bigip_monitor_udp                                             Manages F5 BIG-IP LTM udp monitors     
bigip_node                                                    Manages F5 BIG-IP LTM nodes            
bigip_partition                                               Manage BIG-IP partitions               
bigip_password_policy                                         Manages the authentication password pol...
bigip_policy                                                  Manage general policy configuration on ...
bigip_policy_rule                                             Manage LTM policy rules on a BIG-IP    
bigip_pool                                                    Manages F5 BIG-IP LTM pools            
bigip_pool_member                                             Manages F5 BIG-IP LTM pool members     
bigip_profile_analytics                                       Manage HTTP analytics profiles on a BIG...
bigip_profile_client_ssl                                      Manages client SSL profiles on a BIG-IP
bigip_profile_dns                                             Manage DNS profiles on a BIG-IP        
bigip_profile_fastl4                                          Manages Fast L4 profiles               
bigip_profile_http                                            Manage HTTP profiles on a BIG-IP       
bigip_profile_http2                                           Manage HTTP2 profiles on a BIG-IP      
bigip_profile_http_compression                                Manage HTTP compression profiles on a B...
bigip_profile_oneconnect                                      Manage OneConnect profiles on a BIG-IP 
bigip_profile_persistence_cookie                              Manage cookie persistence profiles on B...
bigip_profile_persistence_src_addr                            Manage source address persistence profi...
bigip_profile_server_ssl                                      Manages server SSL profiles on a BIG-IP
bigip_profile_tcp                                             Manage TCP profiles on a BIG-IP        
bigip_profile_udp                                             Manage UDP profiles on a BIG-IP        
bigip_provision                                               Manage BIG-IP module provisioning      
bigip_qkview                                                  Manage qkviews on the device           
bigip_remote_role                                             Manage remote roles on a BIG-IP        
bigip_remote_syslog                                           Manipulate remote syslog settings on a ...
bigip_remote_user                                             Manages default settings for remote use...
bigip_routedomain                                             Manage route domains on a BIG-IP       
bigip_selfip                                                  Manage Self-IPs on a BIG-IP system     
bigip_service_policy                                          Manages service policies on a BIG-IP   
bigip_smtp                                                    Manages SMTP settings on the BIG-IP    
bigip_snat_pool                                               Manage SNAT pools on a BIG-IP          
bigip_snat_translation                                        Manage SNAT Translations on a BIG-IP   
bigip_snmp                                                    Manipulate general SNMP settings on a B...
bigip_snmp_community                                          Manages SNMP communities on a BIG-IP   
bigip_snmp_trap                                               Manipulate SNMP trap information on a B...
bigip_software_image                                          Manage software images on a BIG-IP     
bigip_software_install                                        Install software images on a BIG-IP    
bigip_software_update                                         Manage the software update settings of ...
bigip_ssl_certificate                                         Import/Delete certificates from BIG-IP 
bigip_ssl_key                                                 Import/Delete SSL keys from BIG-IP     
bigip_ssl_ocsp                                                Manage OCSP configurations on BIG-IP   
bigip_static_route                                            Manipulate static routes on a BIG-IP   
bigip_sys_daemon_log_tmm                                      Manage BIG-IP tmm daemon log settings  
bigip_sys_db                                                  Manage BIG-IP system database variables
bigip_sys_global                                              Manage BIG-IP global settings          
bigip_timer_policy                                            Manage timer policies on a BIG-IP      
bigip_traffic_selector                                        Manage IPSec Traffic Selectors on BIG-I...
bigip_trunk                                                   Manage trunks on a BIG-IP              
bigip_tunnel                                                  Manage tunnels on a BIG-IP             
bigip_ucs                                                     Manage upload, installation and removal...
bigip_ucs_fetch                                               Fetches a UCS file from remote nodes   
bigip_user                                                    Manage user accounts and user attribute...
bigip_vcmp_guest                                              Manages vCMP guests on a BIG-IP        
bigip_virtual_address                                         Manage LTM virtual addresses on a BIG-I...
bigip_virtual_server                                          Manage LTM virtual servers on a BIG-IP 
bigip_vlan                                                    Manage VLANs on a BIG-IP system        
bigip_wait                                                    Wait for a BIG-IP condition before cont...
bigiq_application_fasthttp                                    Manages BIG-IQ FastHTTP applications   
bigiq_application_fastl4_tcp                                  Manages BIG-IQ FastL4 TCP applications 
bigiq_application_fastl4_udp                                  Manages BIG-IQ FastL4 UDP applications 
bigiq_application_http                                        Manages BIG-IQ HTTP applications       
bigiq_application_https_offload                               Manages BIG-IQ HTTPS offload applicatio...
bigiq_application_https_waf                                   Manages BIG-IQ HTTPS WAF applications  
bigiq_device_discovery                                        Manage BIG-IP devices through BIG-IQ   
bigiq_device_info                                             Collect information from F5 BIG-IQ devi...
bigiq_regkey_license                                          Manages licenses in a BIG-IQ registrati...
bigiq_regkey_license_assignment                               Manage regkey license assignment on BIG...
bigiq_regkey_pool                                             Manages registration key pools on BIG-I...
bigiq_utility_license                                         Manage utility licenses on a BIG-IQ    
bigiq_utility_license_assignment                              Manage utility license assignment on BI...
bigmon_chain                                                  Create and remove a bigmon inline servi...
bigmon_policy                                                 Create and remove a bigmon out-of-band ...
bigpanda                                                      Notify BigPanda about deployments      
bitbucket_access_key                                          Manages Bitbucket repository access key...
bitbucket_pipeline_key_pair                                   Manages Bitbucket pipeline SSH key pair
bitbucket_pipeline_known_host                                 Manages Bitbucket pipeline known hosts 
bitbucket_pipeline_variable                                   Manages Bitbucket pipeline variables   
blockinfile                                                   Insert/update/remove a text block surro...
bower                                                         Manage bower packages with bower       
bundler                                                       Manage Ruby Gem dependencies with Bundl...
bzr                                                           Deploy software (or files) from bzr bra...
campfire                                                      Send a message to Campfire             
capabilities                                                  Manage Linux capabilities              
catapult                                                      Send a sms / mms using the catapult ban...
ce_aaa_server                                                 Manages AAA server global configuration...
ce_aaa_server_host                                            Manages AAA server host configuration o...
ce_acl                                                        Manages base ACL configuration on HUAWE...
ce_acl_advance                                                Manages advanced ACL configuration on H...
ce_acl_interface                                              Manages applying ACLs to interfaces on ...
ce_bfd_global                                                 Manages BFD global configuration on HUA...
ce_bfd_session                                                Manages BFD session configuration on HU...
ce_bfd_view                                                   Manages BFD session view configuration ...
ce_bgp                                                        Manages BGP configuration on HUAWEI Clo...
ce_bgp_af                                                     Manages BGP Address-family configuratio...
ce_bgp_neighbor                                               Manages BGP peer configuration on HUAWE...
ce_bgp_neighbor_af                                            Manages BGP neighbor Address-family con...
ce_command                                                    Run arbitrary command on HUAWEI CloudEn...
ce_config                                                     Manage Huawei CloudEngine configuration...
ce_dldp                                                       Manages global DLDP configuration on HU...
ce_dldp_interface                                             Manages interface DLDP configuration on...
ce_eth_trunk                                                  Manages Eth-Trunk interfaces on HUAWEI ...
ce_evpn_bd_vni                                                Manages EVPN VXLAN Network Identifier (...
ce_evpn_bgp                                                   Manages BGP EVPN configuration on HUAWE...
ce_evpn_bgp_rr                                                Manages RR for the VXLAN Network on HUA...
ce_evpn_global                                                Manages global configuration of EVPN on...
ce_facts                                                      Gets facts about HUAWEI CloudEngine swi...
ce_file_copy                                                  Copy a file to a remote cloudengine dev...
ce_info_center_debug                                          Manages information center debug config...
ce_info_center_global                                         Manages outputting logs on HUAWEI Cloud...
ce_info_center_log                                            Manages information center log configur...
ce_info_center_trap                                           Manages information center trap configu...
ce_interface                                                  Manages physical attributes of interfac...
ce_interface_ospf                                             Manages configuration of an OSPF interf...
ce_ip_interface                                               Manages L3 attributes for IPv4 and IPv6...
ce_link_status                                                Get interface link status on HUAWEI Clo...
ce_mlag_config                                                Manages MLAG configuration on HUAWEI Cl...
ce_mlag_interface                                             Manages MLAG interfaces on HUAWEI Cloud...
ce_mtu                                                        Manages MTU settings on HUAWEI CloudEng...
ce_netconf                                                    Run an arbitrary netconf command on HUA...
ce_netstream_aging                                            Manages timeout mode of NetStream on HU...
ce_netstream_export                                           Manages netstream export on HUAWEI Clou...
ce_netstream_global                                           Manages global parameters of NetStream ...
ce_netstream_template                                         Manages NetStream template configuratio...
ce_ntp                                                        Manages core NTP configuration on HUAWE...
ce_ntp_auth                                                   Manages NTP authentication configuratio...
ce_ospf                                                       Manages configuration of an OSPF instan...
ce_ospf_vrf                                                   Manages configuration of an OSPF VPN in...
ce_reboot                                                     Reboot a HUAWEI CloudEngine switches   
ce_rollback                                                   Set a checkpoint or rollback to a check...
ce_sflow                                                      Manages sFlow configuration on HUAWEI C...
ce_snmp_community                                             Manages SNMP community configuration on...
ce_snmp_contact                                               Manages SNMP contact configuration on H...
ce_snmp_location                                              Manages SNMP location configuration on ...
ce_snmp_target_host                                           Manages SNMP target host configuration ...
ce_snmp_traps                                                 Manages SNMP traps configuration on HUA...
ce_snmp_user                                                  Manages SNMP user configuration on HUAW...
ce_startup                                                    Manages a system startup information on...
ce_static_route                                               Manages static route configuration on H...
ce_stp                                                        Manages STP configuration on HUAWEI Clo...
ce_switchport                                                 Manages Layer 2 switchport interfaces o...
ce_vlan                                                       Manages VLAN resources and attributes o...
ce_vrf                                                        Manages VPN instance on HUAWEI CloudEng...
ce_vrf_af                                                     Manages VPN instance address family on ...
ce_vrf_interface                                              Manages interface specific VPN configur...
ce_vrrp                                                       Manages VRRP interfaces on HUAWEI Cloud...
ce_vxlan_arp                                                  Manages ARP attributes of VXLAN on HUAW...
ce_vxlan_gateway                                              Manages gateway for the VXLAN network o...
ce_vxlan_global                                               Manages global attributes of VXLAN and ...
ce_vxlan_tunnel                                               Manages VXLAN tunnel configuration on H...
ce_vxlan_vap                                                  Manages VXLAN virtual access point on H...
certificate_complete_chain                                    Complete certificate chain given a set ...
checkpoint_access_layer_facts                                 Get access layer facts on Check Point o...
checkpoint_access_rule                                        Manages access rules on Check Point ove...
checkpoint_access_rule_facts                                  Get access rules objects facts on Check...
checkpoint_host                                               Manages host objects on Check Point ove...
checkpoint_host_facts                                         Get host objects facts on Check Point o...
checkpoint_object_facts                                       Get object facts on Check Point over We...
checkpoint_run_script                                         Run scripts on Check Point devices over...
checkpoint_session                                            Manages session objects on Check Point ...
checkpoint_task_facts                                         Get task objects facts on Check Point o...
circonus_annotation                                           create an annotation in circonus       
cisco_spark                                                   Send a message to a Cisco Spark Room or...
clc_aa_policy                                                 Create or Delete Anti Affinity Policies...
clc_alert_policy                                              Create or Delete Alert Policies at Cent...
clc_blueprint_package                                         deploys a blue print package on a set o...
clc_firewall_policy                                           Create/delete/update firewall policies 
clc_group                                                     Create/delete Server Groups at Centuryl...
clc_loadbalancer                                              Create, Delete shared loadbalancers in ...
clc_modify_server                                             modify servers in CenturyLink Cloud    
clc_publicip                                                  Add and Delete public ips on servers in...
clc_server                                                    Create, Delete, Start and Stop servers ...
clc_server_snapshot                                           Create, Delete and Restore server snaps...
cli_command                                                   Run a cli command on cli-based network ...
cli_config                                                    Push text based configuration to networ...
cloud_init_data_facts                                         Retrieve facts of cloud-init           
cloudflare_dns                                                Manage Cloudflare DNS records          
cloudformation                                                Create or delete an AWS CloudFormation ...
cloudformation_info                                           Obtain information about an AWS CloudFo...
cloudformation_stack_set                                      Manage groups of CloudFormation stacks 
cloudfront_distribution                                       create, update and delete aws cloudfron...
cloudfront_info                                               Obtain facts about an AWS CloudFront di...
cloudfront_invalidation                                       create invalidations for aws cloudfront...
cloudfront_origin_access_identity                             create, update and delete origin access...
cloudscale_floating_ip                                        Manages floating IPs on the cloudscale....
cloudscale_server                                             Manages servers on the cloudscale.ch Ia...
cloudscale_server_group                                       Manages server groups on the cloudscale...
cloudscale_volume                                             Manages volumes on the cloudscale.ch Ia...
cloudtrail                                                    manage CloudTrail create, delete, updat...
cloudwatchevent_rule                                          Manage CloudWatch Event rules and targe...
cloudwatchlogs_log_group                                      create or delete log_group in CloudWatc...
cloudwatchlogs_log_group_info                                 get information about log_group in Clou...
cnos_backup                                                   Backup the current running or startup c...
cnos_banner                                                   Manage multiline banners on Lenovo CNOS...
cnos_bgp                                                      Manage BGP resources and attributes on ...
cnos_command                                                  Run arbitrary commands on Lenovo CNOS d...
cnos_conditional_command                                      Execute a single command based on condi...
cnos_conditional_template                                     Manage switch configuration using templ...
cnos_config                                                   Manage Lenovo CNOS configuration sectio...
cnos_factory                                                  Reset the switch startup configuration ...
cnos_facts                                                    Collect facts from remote devices runni...
cnos_image                                                    Perform firmware upgrade/download from ...
cnos_interface                                                Manage Interface on Lenovo CNOS network...
cnos_l2_interface                                             Manage Layer-2 interface on Lenovo CNOS...
cnos_l3_interface                                             Manage Layer-3 interfaces on Lenovo CNO...
cnos_linkagg                                                  Manage link aggregation groups on Lenov...
cnos_lldp                                                     Manage LLDP configuration on Lenovo CNO...
cnos_logging                                                  Manage logging on network devices      
cnos_reload                                                   Perform switch restart on devices runni...
cnos_rollback                                                 Roll back the running or startup config...
cnos_save                                                     Save the running configuration as the s...
cnos_showrun                                                  Collect the current running configurati...
cnos_static_route                                             Manage static IP routes on Lenovo CNOS ...
cnos_system                                                   Manage the system attributes on Lenovo ...
cnos_template                                                 Manage switch configuration using templ...
cnos_user                                                     Manage the collection of local users on...
cnos_vlag                                                     Manage VLAG resources and attributes on...
cnos_vlan                                                     Manage VLANs on CNOS network devices   
cnos_vrf                                                      Manage VRFs on Lenovo CNOS network devi...
cobbler_sync                                                  Sync Cobbler                           
cobbler_system                                                Manage system objects in Cobbler       
command                                                       Execute commands on targets            
composer                                                      Dependency Manager for PHP             
consul                                                        Add, modify & delete services within a ...
consul_acl                                                    Manipulate Consul ACL keys and rules   
consul_kv                                                     Manipulate entries in the key/value sto...
consul_session                                                Manipulate consul sessions             
copy                                                          Copy files to remote locations         
cp_mgmt_access_layer                                          Manages access-layer objects on Check P...
cp_mgmt_access_layer_facts                                    Get access-layer objects facts on Check...
cp_mgmt_access_role                                           Manages access-role objects on Check Po...
cp_mgmt_access_role_facts                                     Get access-role objects facts on Check ...
cp_mgmt_access_rule                                           Manages access-rule objects on Check Po...
cp_mgmt_access_rule_facts                                     Get access-rule objects facts on Check ...
cp_mgmt_address_range                                         Manages address-range objects on Check ...
cp_mgmt_address_range_facts                                   Get address-range objects facts on Chec...
cp_mgmt_administrator                                         Manages administrator objects on Check ...
cp_mgmt_administrator_facts                                   Get administrator objects facts on Chec...
cp_mgmt_application_site                                      Manages application-site objects on Che...
cp_mgmt_application_site_category                             Manages application-site-category objec...
cp_mgmt_application_site_category_facts                       Get application-site-category objects f...
cp_mgmt_application_site_facts                                Get application-site objects facts on C...
cp_mgmt_application_site_group                                Manages application-site-group objects ...
cp_mgmt_application_site_group_facts                          Get application-site-group objects fact...
cp_mgmt_assign_global_assignment                              assign global assignment on Check Point...
cp_mgmt_discard                                               All changes done by user are discarded ...
cp_mgmt_dns_domain                                            Manages dns-domain objects on Check Poi...
cp_mgmt_dns_domain_facts                                      Get dns-domain objects facts on Check P...
cp_mgmt_dynamic_object                                        Manages dynamic-object objects on Check...
cp_mgmt_dynamic_object_facts                                  Get dynamic-object objects facts on Che...
cp_mgmt_exception_group                                       Manages exception-group objects on Chec...
cp_mgmt_exception_group_facts                                 Get exception-group objects facts on Ch...
cp_mgmt_global_assignment                                     Manages global-assignment objects on Ch...
cp_mgmt_global_assignment_facts                               Get global-assignment objects facts on ...
cp_mgmt_group                                                 Manages group objects on Check Point ov...
cp_mgmt_group_facts                                           Get group objects facts on Check Point ...
cp_mgmt_group_with_exclusion                                  Manages group-with-exclusion objects on...
cp_mgmt_group_with_exclusion_facts                            Get group-with-exclusion objects facts ...
cp_mgmt_host                                                  Manages host objects on Check Point ove...
cp_mgmt_host_facts                                            Get host objects facts on Check Point o...
cp_mgmt_install_policy                                        install policy on Check Point over Web ...
cp_mgmt_mds_facts                                             Get Multi-Domain Server (mds) objects f...
cp_mgmt_multicast_address_range                               Manages multicast-address-range objects...
cp_mgmt_multicast_address_range_facts                         Get multicast-address-range objects fac...
cp_mgmt_network                                               Manages network objects on Check Point ...
cp_mgmt_network_facts                                         Get network objects facts on Check Poin...
cp_mgmt_package                                               Manages package objects on Check Point ...
cp_mgmt_package_facts                                         Get package objects facts on Check Poin...
cp_mgmt_publish                                               All the changes done by this user will ...
cp_mgmt_put_file                                              put file on Check Point over Web Servic...
cp_mgmt_run_ips_update                                        Runs IPS database update. If "package-p...
cp_mgmt_run_script                                            Executes the script on a given list of ...
cp_mgmt_security_zone                                         Manages security-zone objects on Check ...
cp_mgmt_security_zone_facts                                   Get security-zone objects facts on Chec...
cp_mgmt_service_dce_rpc                                       Manages service-dce-rpc objects on Chec...
cp_mgmt_service_dce_rpc_facts                                 Get service-dce-rpc objects facts on Ch...
cp_mgmt_service_group                                         Manages service-group objects on Check ...
cp_mgmt_service_group_facts                                   Get service-group objects facts on Chec...
cp_mgmt_service_icmp                                          Manages service-icmp objects on Check P...
cp_mgmt_service_icmp6                                         Manages service-icmp6 objects on Check ...
cp_mgmt_service_icmp6_facts                                   Get service-icmp6 objects facts on Chec...
cp_mgmt_service_icmp_facts                                    Get service-icmp objects facts on Check...
cp_mgmt_service_other                                         Manages service-other objects on Check ...
cp_mgmt_service_other_facts                                   Get service-other objects facts on Chec...
cp_mgmt_service_rpc                                           Manages service-rpc objects on Check Po...
cp_mgmt_service_rpc_facts                                     Get service-rpc objects facts on Check ...
cp_mgmt_service_sctp                                          Manages service-sctp objects on Check P...
cp_mgmt_service_sctp_facts                                    Get service-sctp objects facts on Check...
cp_mgmt_service_tcp                                           Manages service-tcp objects on Check Po...
cp_mgmt_service_tcp_facts                                     Get service-tcp objects facts on Check ...
cp_mgmt_service_udp                                           Manages service-udp objects on Check Po...
cp_mgmt_service_udp_facts                                     Get service-udp objects facts on Check ...
cp_mgmt_session_facts                                         Get session objects facts on Check Poin...
cp_mgmt_simple_gateway                                        Manages simple-gateway objects on Check...
cp_mgmt_simple_gateway_facts                                  Get simple-gateway objects facts on Che...
cp_mgmt_tag                                                   Manages tag objects on Check Point over...
cp_mgmt_tag_facts                                             Get tag objects facts on Check Point ov...
cp_mgmt_threat_exception                                      Manages threat-exception objects on Che...
cp_mgmt_threat_exception_facts                                Get threat-exception objects facts on C...
cp_mgmt_threat_indicator                                      Manages threat-indicator objects on Che...
cp_mgmt_threat_indicator_facts                                Get threat-indicator objects facts on C...
cp_mgmt_threat_layer                                          Manages threat-layer objects on Check P...
cp_mgmt_threat_layer_facts                                    Get threat-layer objects facts on Check...
cp_mgmt_threat_profile                                        Manages threat-profile objects on Check...
cp_mgmt_threat_profile_facts                                  Get threat-profile objects facts on Che...
cp_mgmt_threat_protection_override                            Edit existing object using object name ...
cp_mgmt_threat_rule                                           Manages threat-rule objects on Check Po...
cp_mgmt_threat_rule_facts                                     Get threat-rule objects facts on Check ...
cp_mgmt_time                                                  Manages time objects on Check Point ove...
cp_mgmt_time_facts                                            Get time objects facts on Check Point o...
cp_mgmt_verify_policy                                         Verifies the policy of the selected pac...
cp_mgmt_vpn_community_meshed                                  Manages vpn-community-meshed objects on...
cp_mgmt_vpn_community_meshed_facts                            Get vpn-community-meshed objects facts ...
cp_mgmt_vpn_community_star                                    Manages vpn-community-star objects on C...
cp_mgmt_vpn_community_star_facts                              Get vpn-community-star objects facts on...
cp_mgmt_wildcard                                              Manages wildcard objects on Check Point...
cp_mgmt_wildcard_facts                                        Get wildcard objects facts on Check Poi...
cp_publish                                                    All the changes done by this user will ...
cpanm                                                         Manages Perl library dependencies      
cpm_plugconfig                                                Get and Set Plug Parameters on WTI OOB ...
cpm_plugcontrol                                               Get and Set Plug actions on WTI OOB and...
cpm_serial_port_config                                        Set Serial port parameters in WTI OOB a...
cpm_serial_port_info                                          Get Serial port parameters in WTI OOB a...
cpm_user                                                      Get various status and parameters from ...
cron                                                          Manage cron.d and crontab entries      
cronvar                                                       Manage variables in crontabs           
crypttab                                                      Encrypted Linux block devices          
cs_account                                                    Manages accounts on Apache CloudStack b...
cs_affinitygroup                                              Manages affinity groups on Apache Cloud...
cs_cluster                                                    Manages host clusters on Apache CloudSt...
cs_configuration                                              Manages configuration on Apache CloudSt...
cs_disk_offering                                              Manages disk offerings on Apache CloudS...
cs_domain                                                     Manages domains on Apache CloudStack ba...
cs_facts                                                      Gather facts on instances of Apache Clo...
cs_firewall                                                   Manages firewall rules on Apache CloudS...
cs_host                                                       Manages hosts on Apache CloudStack base...
cs_image_store                                                Manages CloudStack Image Stores        
cs_instance                                                   Manages instances and virtual machines ...
cs_instance_facts                                             Gathering facts from the API of instanc...
cs_instance_info                                              Gathering information from the API of i...
cs_instance_nic                                               Manages NICs of an instance on Apache C...
cs_instance_nic_secondaryip                                   Manages secondary IPs of an instance on...
cs_instance_password_reset                                    Allows resetting VM the default passwor...
cs_instancegroup                                              Manages instance groups on Apache Cloud...
cs_ip_address                                                 Manages public IP address associations ...
cs_iso                                                        Manages ISO images on Apache CloudStack...
cs_loadbalancer_rule                                          Manages load balancer rules on Apache C...
cs_loadbalancer_rule_member                                   Manages load balancer rule members on A...
cs_network                                                    Manages networks on Apache CloudStack b...
cs_network_acl                                                Manages network access control lists (A...
cs_network_acl_rule                                           Manages network access control list (AC...
cs_network_offering                                           Manages network offerings on Apache Clo...
cs_physical_network                                           Manages physical networks on Apache Clo...
cs_pod                                                        Manages pods on Apache CloudStack based...
cs_portforward                                                Manages port forwarding rules on Apache...
cs_project                                                    Manages projects on Apache CloudStack b...
cs_region                                                     Manages regions on Apache CloudStack ba...
cs_resourcelimit                                              Manages resource limits on Apache Cloud...
cs_role                                                       Manages user roles on Apache CloudStack...
cs_role_permission                                            Manages role permissions on Apache Clou...
cs_router                                                     Manages routers on Apache CloudStack ba...
cs_securitygroup                                              Manages security groups on Apache Cloud...
cs_securitygroup_rule                                         Manages security group rules on Apache ...
cs_service_offering                                           Manages service offerings on Apache Clo...
cs_snapshot_policy                                            Manages volume snapshot policies on Apa...
cs_sshkeypair                                                 Manages SSH keys on Apache CloudStack b...
cs_staticnat                                                  Manages static NATs on Apache CloudStac...
cs_storage_pool                                               Manages Primary Storage Pools on Apache...
cs_template                                                   Manages templates on Apache CloudStack ...
cs_traffic_type                                               Manages traffic types on CloudStack Phy...
cs_user                                                       Manages users on Apache CloudStack base...
cs_vlan_ip_range                                              Manages VLAN IP ranges on Apache CloudS...
cs_vmsnapshot                                                 Manages VM snapshots on Apache CloudSta...
cs_volume                                                     Manages volumes on Apache CloudStack ba...
cs_vpc                                                        Manages VPCs on Apache CloudStack based...
cs_vpc_offering                                               Manages vpc offerings on Apache CloudSt...
cs_vpn_connection                                             Manages site-to-site VPN connections on...
cs_vpn_customer_gateway                                       Manages site-to-site VPN customer gatew...
cs_vpn_gateway                                                Manages site-to-site VPN gateways on Ap...
cs_zone                                                       Manages zones on Apache CloudStack base...
cs_zone_facts                                                 Gathering facts of zones from Apache Cl...
cs_zone_info                                                  Gathering information about zones from ...
cv_server_provision                                           Provision server port by applying or re...
cyberark_authentication                                       Module for CyberArk Vault Authenticatio...
cyberark_user                                                 Module for CyberArk User Management usi...
data_pipeline                                                 Create and manage AWS Datapipelines    
datadog_event                                                 Posts events to Datadog  service       
datadog_monitor                                               Manages Datadog monitors               
dconf                                                         Modify and read dconf database         
debconf                                                       Configure a .deb package               
debug                                                         Print statements during execution      
dellos10_command                                              Run commands on remote devices running ...
dellos10_config                                               Manage Dell EMC Networking OS10 configu...
dellos10_facts                                                Collect facts from remote devices runni...
dellos6_command                                               Run commands on remote devices running ...
dellos6_config                                                Manage Dell EMC Networking OS6 configur...
dellos6_facts                                                 Collect facts from remote devices runni...
dellos9_command                                               Run commands on remote devices running ...
dellos9_config                                                Manage Dell EMC Networking OS9 configur...
dellos9_facts                                                 Collect facts from remote devices runni...
deploy_helper                                                 Manages some of the steps common in dep...
digital_ocean                                                 Create/delete a droplet/SSH_key in Digi...
digital_ocean_account_info                                    Gather information about DigitalOcean U...
digital_ocean_block_storage                                   Create/destroy or attach/detach Block S...
digital_ocean_certificate                                     Manage certificates in DigitalOcean    
digital_ocean_certificate_info                                Gather information about DigitalOcean c...
digital_ocean_domain                                          Create/delete a DNS domain in DigitalOc...
digital_ocean_domain_info                                     Gather information about DigitalOcean D...
digital_ocean_droplet                                         Create and delete a DigitalOcean drople...
digital_ocean_firewall_info                                   Gather information about DigitalOcean f...
digital_ocean_floating_ip                                     Manage DigitalOcean Floating IPs       
digital_ocean_floating_ip_info                                DigitalOcean Floating IPs information  
digital_ocean_image_info                                      Gather information about DigitalOcean i...
digital_ocean_load_balancer_info                              Gather information about DigitalOcean l...
digital_ocean_region_info                                     Gather information about DigitalOcean r...
digital_ocean_size_info                                       Gather information about DigitalOcean D...
digital_ocean_snapshot_info                                   Gather information about DigitalOcean S...
digital_ocean_sshkey                                          Manage DigitalOcean SSH keys           
digital_ocean_sshkey_facts                                    DigitalOcean SSH keys facts            
digital_ocean_sshkey_info                                     Gather information about DigitalOcean S...
digital_ocean_tag                                             Create and remove tag(s) to DigitalOcea...
digital_ocean_tag_info                                        Gather information about DigitalOcean t...
digital_ocean_volume_info                                     Gather information about DigitalOcean v...
dimensiondata_network                                         Create, update, and delete MCP 1.0 & 2....
dimensiondata_vlan                                            Manage a VLAN in a Cloud Control networ...
django_manage                                                 Manages a Django application           
dladm_etherstub                                               Manage etherstubs on Solaris/illumos sy...
dladm_iptun                                                   Manage IP tunnel interfaces on Solaris/...
dladm_linkprop                                                Manage link properties on Solaris/illum...
dladm_vlan                                                    Manage VLAN interfaces on Solaris/illum...
dladm_vnic                                                    Manage VNICs on Solaris/illumos systems
dms_endpoint                                                  creates or destroys a data migration se...
dms_replication_subnet_group                                  creates or destroys a data migration se...
dnf                                                           Manages packages with the `dnf' package...
dnsimple                                                      Interface with dnsimple.com (a DNS host...
dnsmadeeasy                                                   Interface with dnsmadeeasy.com (a DNS h...
docker_compose                                                Manage multi-container Docker applicati...
docker_config                                                 Manage docker configs                  
docker_container                                              manage docker containers               
docker_container_info                                         Retrieves facts about docker container 
docker_host_info                                              Retrieves facts about docker host and l...
docker_image                                                  Manage docker images                   
docker_image_info                                             Inspect docker images                  
docker_login                                                  Log into a Docker registry             
docker_network                                                Manage Docker networks                 
docker_network_info                                           Retrieves facts about docker network   
docker_node                                                   Manage Docker Swarm node               
docker_node_info                                              Retrieves facts about docker swarm node...
docker_prune                                                  Allows to prune various docker objects 
docker_secret                                                 Manage docker secrets                  
docker_stack                                                  docker stack module                    
docker_swarm                                                  Manage Swarm cluster                   
docker_swarm_info                                             Retrieves facts about Docker Swarm clus...
docker_swarm_service                                          docker swarm service                   
docker_swarm_service_info                                     Retrieves information about docker serv...
docker_volume                                                 Manage Docker volumes                  
docker_volume_info                                            Retrieve facts about Docker volumes    
dpkg_selections                                               Dpkg package selection selections      
dynamodb_table                                                Create, update or delete AWS Dynamo DB ...
dynamodb_ttl                                                  set TTL for a given DynamoDB table     
easy_install                                                  Installs Python libraries              
ec2                                                           create, terminate, start or stop an ins...
ec2_ami                                                       create or destroy an image in ec2      
ec2_ami_copy                                                  copies AMI between AWS regions, return ...
ec2_ami_info                                                  Gather information about ec2 AMIs      
ec2_asg                                                       Create or delete AWS Autoscaling Groups
ec2_asg_info                                                  Gather information about ec2 Auto Scali...
ec2_asg_lifecycle_hook                                        Create, delete or update AWS ASG Lifecy...
ec2_customer_gateway                                          Manage an AWS customer gateway         
ec2_customer_gateway_info                                     Gather information about customer gatew...
ec2_eip                                                       manages EC2 elastic IP (EIP) addresses 
ec2_eip_info                                                  List EC2 EIP details                   
ec2_elb                                                       De-registers or registers instances fro...
ec2_elb_info                                                  Gather information about EC2 Elastic Lo...
ec2_elb_lb                                                    Creates, updates or destroys an Amazon ...
ec2_eni                                                       Create and optionally attach an Elastic...
ec2_eni_info                                                  Gather information about ec2 ENI interf...
ec2_group                                                     maintain an ec2 VPC security group     
ec2_group_info                                                Gather information about ec2 security g...
ec2_instance                                                  Create & manage EC2 instances          
ec2_instance_info                                             Gather information about ec2 instances ...
ec2_key                                                       create or delete an ec2 key pair       
ec2_launch_template                                           Manage EC2 launch templates            
ec2_lc                                                        Create or delete AWS Autoscaling Launch...
ec2_lc_find                                                   Find AWS Autoscaling Launch Configurati...
ec2_lc_info                                                   Gather information about AWS Autoscalin...
ec2_metadata_facts                                            Gathers facts (instance metadata) about...
ec2_metric_alarm                                              Create/update or delete AWS Cloudwatch ...
ec2_placement_group                                           Create or delete an EC2 Placement Group
ec2_placement_group_info                                      List EC2 Placement Group(s) details    
ec2_scaling_policy                                            Create or delete AWS scaling policies f...
ec2_snapshot                                                  creates a snapshot from an existing vol...
ec2_snapshot_copy                                             copies an EC2 snapshot and returns the ...
ec2_snapshot_info                                             Gather information about ec2 volume sna...
ec2_tag                                                       create and remove tags on ec2 resources
ec2_transit_gateway                                           Create and delete AWS Transit Gateways 
ec2_transit_gateway_info                                      Gather information about ec2 transit ga...
ec2_vol                                                       create and attach a volume, return volu...
ec2_vol_info                                                  Gather information about ec2 volumes in...
ec2_vpc_dhcp_option                                           Manages DHCP Options, and can ensure th...
ec2_vpc_dhcp_option_info                                      Gather information about dhcp options s...
ec2_vpc_egress_igw                                            Manage an AWS VPC Egress Only Internet ...
ec2_vpc_endpoint                                              Create and delete AWS VPC Endpoints    
ec2_vpc_endpoint_info                                         Retrieves AWS VPC endpoints details usi...
ec2_vpc_igw                                                   Manage an AWS VPC Internet gateway     
ec2_vpc_igw_info                                              Gather information about internet gatew...
ec2_vpc_nacl                                                  create and delete Network ACLs         
ec2_vpc_nacl_info                                             Gather information about Network ACLs i...
ec2_vpc_nat_gateway                                           Manage AWS VPC NAT Gateways            
ec2_vpc_nat_gateway_info                                      Retrieves AWS VPC Managed Nat Gateway d...
ec2_vpc_net                                                   Configure AWS virtual private clouds   
ec2_vpc_net_info                                              Gather information about ec2 VPCs in AW...
ec2_vpc_peer                                                  create, delete, accept, and reject VPC ...
ec2_vpc_peering_info                                          Retrieves AWS VPC Peering details using...
ec2_vpc_route_table                                           Manage route tables for AWS virtual pri...
ec2_vpc_route_table_info                                      Gather information about ec2 VPC route ...
ec2_vpc_subnet                                                Manage subnets in AWS virtual private c...
ec2_vpc_subnet_info                                           Gather information about ec2 VPC subnet...
ec2_vpc_vgw                                                   Create and delete AWS VPN Virtual Gatew...
ec2_vpc_vgw_info                                              Gather information about virtual gatewa...
ec2_vpc_vpn                                                   Create, modify, and delete EC2 VPN conn...
ec2_vpc_vpn_info                                              Gather information about VPN Connection...
ec2_win_password                                              gets the default administrator password...
ecs_attribute                                                 manage ecs attributes                  
ecs_certificate                                               Request SSL/TLS certificates with the E...
ecs_cluster                                                   create or terminate ecs clusters       
ecs_ecr                                                       Manage Elastic Container Registry repos...
ecs_service                                                   create, terminate, start or stop a serv...
ecs_service_info                                              list or describe services in ecs       
ecs_task                                                      run, start or stop a task in ecs       
ecs_taskdefinition                                            register a task definition in ecs      
ecs_taskdefinition_info                                       describe a task definition in ecs      
edgeos_command                                                Run one or more commands on EdgeOS devi...
edgeos_config                                                 Manage EdgeOS configuration on remote d...
edgeos_facts                                                  Collect facts from remote devices runni...
edgeswitch_facts                                              Collect facts from remote devices runni...
edgeswitch_vlan                                               Manage VLANs on Ubiquiti Edgeswitch net...
efs                                                           create and maintain EFS file systems   
efs_info                                                      Get information about Amazon EFS file s...
ejabberd_user                                                 Manages users for ejabberd servers     
elasticache                                                   Manage cache clusters in Amazon Elastic...
elasticache_info                                              Retrieve information for AWS Elasticach...
elasticache_parameter_group                                   Manage cache security groups in Amazon ...
elasticache_snapshot                                          Manage cache snapshots in Amazon Elasti...
elasticache_subnet_group                                      manage Elasticache subnet groups       
elasticsearch_plugin                                          Manage Elasticsearch plugins           
elb_application_lb                                            Manage an Application load balancer    
elb_application_lb_info                                       Gather information about application EL...
elb_classic_lb                                                Creates or destroys Amazon ELB         
elb_classic_lb_info                                           Gather information about EC2 Elastic Lo...
elb_instance                                                  De-registers or registers instances fro...
elb_network_lb                                                Manage a Network Load Balancer         
elb_target                                                    Manage a target in a target group      
elb_target_group                                              Manage a target group for an Applicatio...
elb_target_group_info                                         Gather information about ELB target gro...
elb_target_info                                               Gathers which target groups a target is...
emc_vnx_sg_member                                             Manage storage group member on EMC VNX 
enos_command                                                  Run arbitrary commands on Lenovo ENOS d...
enos_config                                                   Manage Lenovo ENOS configuration sectio...
enos_facts                                                    Collect facts from remote devices runni...
eos_banner                                                    Manage multiline banners on Arista EOS ...
eos_bgp                                                       Configure global BGP protocol settings ...
eos_command                                                   Run arbitrary commands on an Arista EOS...
eos_config                                                    Manage Arista EOS configuration section...
eos_eapi                                                      Manage and configure Arista EOS eAPI   
eos_facts                                                     Collect facts from remote devices runni...
eos_interface                                                 Manage Interface on Arista EOS network ...
eos_interfaces                                                Manages interface attributes of Arista ...
eos_l2_interface                                              Manage L2 interfaces on Arista EOS netw...
eos_l2_interfaces                                             Manages Layer-2 interface attributes of...
eos_l3_interface                                              Manage L3 interfaces on Arista EOS netw...
eos_l3_interfaces                                             Manages L3 interface attributes of Aris...
eos_lacp                                                      Manage Global Link Aggregation Control ...
eos_lacp_interfaces                                           Manage Link Aggregation Control Protoco...
eos_lag_interfaces                                            Manages link aggregation groups on Aris...
eos_linkagg                                                   Manage link aggregation groups on Arist...
eos_lldp                                                      Manage LLDP configuration on Arista EOS...
eos_lldp_global                                               Manage Global Link Layer Discovery Prot...
eos_lldp_interfaces                                           Manage Link Layer Discovery Protocol (L...
eos_logging                                                   Manage logging on network devices      
eos_static_route                                              Manage static IP routes on Arista EOS n...
eos_system                                                    Manage the system attributes on Arista ...
eos_user                                                      Manage the collection of local users on...
eos_vlan                                                      Manage VLANs on Arista EOS network devi...
eos_vlans                                                     Manage VLANs on Arista EOS devices     
eos_vrf                                                       Manage VRFs on Arista EOS network devic...
eric_eccli_command                                            Run commands on remote devices running ...
etcd3                                                         Set or delete key value pairs from an e...
execute_lambda                                                Execute an AWS Lambda function         
exo_dns_domain                                                Manages domain records on Exoscale DNS ...
exo_dns_record                                                Manages DNS records on Exoscale DNS    
exos_command                                                  Run commands on remote devices running ...
exos_config                                                   Manage Extreme Networks EXOS configurat...
exos_facts                                                    Collect facts from devices running Extr...
exos_lldp_global                                              Configure and manage Link Layer Discove...
expect                                                        Executes a command and responds to prom...
facter                                                        Runs the discovery program `facter' on ...
fail                                                          Fail with custom message               
faz_device                                                    Add or remove device                   
fetch                                                         Fetch files from remote nodes          
file                                                          Manage files and file properties       
filesystem                                                    Makes a filesystem                     
find                                                          Return a list of files based on specifi...
firewalld                                                     Manage arbitrary ports/services with fi...
flatpak                                                       Manage flatpaks                        
flatpak_remote                                                Manage flatpak repository remotes      
flowadm                                                       Manage bandwidth resource control and p...
flowdock                                                      Send a message to a flowdock           
fmgr_device                                                   Add or remove device from FortiManager 
fmgr_device_config                                            Edit device configurations             
fmgr_device_group                                             Alter FortiManager device groups       
fmgr_device_provision_template                                Manages Device Provisioning Templates i...
fmgr_fwobj_address                                            Allows the management of firewall objec...
fmgr_fwobj_ippool                                             Allows the editing of IP Pool Objects w...
fmgr_fwobj_ippool6                                            Allows the editing of IP Pool Objects w...
fmgr_fwobj_service                                            Manages FortiManager Firewall Service O...
fmgr_fwobj_vip                                                Manages Virtual IPs objects in FortiMan...
fmgr_fwpol_ipv4                                               Allows the add/delete of Firewall Polic...
fmgr_fwpol_package                                            Manages FortiManager Firewall Policies ...
fmgr_ha                                                       Manages the High-Availability State of ...
fmgr_provisioning                                             Provision devices via FortiMananger    
fmgr_query                                                    Query FortiManager data objects for use...
fmgr_script                                                   Add/Edit/Delete and execute scripts    
fmgr_secprof_appctrl                                          Manage application control security pro...
fmgr_secprof_av                                               Manage security profile                
fmgr_secprof_dns                                              Manage DNS security profiles in FortiMa...
fmgr_secprof_ips                                              Managing IPS security profiles in Forti...
fmgr_secprof_profile_group                                    Manage security profiles within FortiMa...
fmgr_secprof_proxy                                            Manage proxy security profiles in Forti...
fmgr_secprof_spam                                             spam filter profile for FMG            
fmgr_secprof_ssl_ssh                                          Manage SSL and SSH security profiles in...
fmgr_secprof_voip                                             VOIP security profiles in FMG          
fmgr_secprof_waf                                              FortiManager web application firewall s...
fmgr_secprof_wanopt                                           WAN optimization                       
fmgr_secprof_web                                              Manage web filter security profiles in ...
foreman                                                       Manage Foreman Resources               
fortios_address                                               Manage fortios firewall address objects
fortios_alertemail_setting                                    Configure alert email settings in Forti...
fortios_antivirus_heuristic                                   Configure global heuristic options in F...
fortios_antivirus_profile                                     Configure AntiVirus profiles in Fortine...
fortios_antivirus_quarantine                                  Configure quarantine options in Fortine...
fortios_antivirus_settings                                    Configure AntiVirus settings in Fortine...
fortios_application_custom                                    Configure custom application signatures...
fortios_application_group                                     Configure firewall application groups i...
fortios_application_list                                      Configure application control lists in ...
fortios_application_name                                      Configure application signatures in For...
fortios_application_rule_settings                             Configure application rule settings in ...
fortios_authentication_rule                                   Configure Authentication Rules in Forti...
fortios_authentication_scheme                                 Configure Authentication Schemes in For...
fortios_authentication_setting                                Configure authentication setting in For...
fortios_config                                                Manage config on Fortinet FortiOS firew...
fortios_dlp_filepattern                                       Configure file patterns used by DLP blo...
fortios_dlp_fp_doc_source                                     Create a DLP fingerprint database by al...
fortios_dlp_fp_sensitivity                                    Create self-explanatory DLP sensitivity...
fortios_dlp_sensor                                            Configure DLP sensors in Fortinet's For...
fortios_dlp_settings                                          Designate logical storage for DLP finge...
fortios_dnsfilter_domain_filter                               Configure DNS domain filters in Fortine...
fortios_dnsfilter_profile                                     Configure DNS domain filter profiles in...
fortios_endpoint_control_client                               Configure endpoint control client lists...
fortios_endpoint_control_forticlient_ems                      Configure FortiClient Enterprise Manage...
fortios_endpoint_control_forticlient_registration_sync        Configure FortiClient registration sync...
fortios_endpoint_control_profile                              Configure FortiClient endpoint control ...
fortios_endpoint_control_settings                             Configure endpoint control settings in ...
fortios_extender_controller_extender                          Extender controller configuration in Fo...
fortios_facts                                                 Get facts about fortios devices        
fortios_firewall_DoS_policy                                   Configure IPv4 DoS policies in Fortinet...
fortios_firewall_DoS_policy6                                  Configure IPv6 DoS policies in Fortinet...
fortios_firewall_address                                      Configure IPv4 addresses in Fortinet's ...
fortios_firewall_address6                                     Configure IPv6 firewall addresses in Fo...
fortios_firewall_address6_template                            Configure IPv6 address templates in For...
fortios_firewall_addrgrp                                      Configure IPv4 address groups in Fortin...
fortios_firewall_addrgrp6                                     Configure IPv6 address groups in Fortin...
fortios_firewall_auth_portal                                  Configure firewall authentication porta...
fortios_firewall_central_snat_map                             Configure central SNAT policies in Fort...
fortios_firewall_dnstranslation                               Configure DNS translation in Fortinet's...
fortios_firewall_identity_based_route                         Configure identity based routing in For...
fortios_firewall_interface_policy                             Configure IPv4 interface policies in Fo...
fortios_firewall_interface_policy6                            Configure IPv6 interface policies in Fo...
fortios_firewall_internet_service                             Show Internet Service application in Fo...
fortios_firewall_internet_service_custom                      Configure custom Internet Services in F...
fortios_firewall_internet_service_group                       Configure group of Internet Service in ...
fortios_firewall_ip_translation                               Configure firewall IP-translation in Fo...
fortios_firewall_ipmacbinding_setting                         Configure IP to MAC binding settings in...
fortios_firewall_ipmacbinding_table                           Configure IP to MAC address pairs in th...
fortios_firewall_ippool                                       Configure IPv4 IP pools in Fortinet's F...
fortios_firewall_ippool6                                      Configure IPv6 IP pools in Fortinet's F...
fortios_firewall_ipv6_eh_filter                               Configure IPv6 extension header filter ...
fortios_firewall_ldb_monitor                                  Configure server load balancing health ...
fortios_firewall_local_in_policy                              Configure user defined IPv4 local-in po...
fortios_firewall_local_in_policy6                             Configure user defined IPv6 local-in po...
fortios_firewall_multicast_address                            Configure multicast addresses in Fortin...
fortios_firewall_multicast_address6                           Configure IPv6 multicast address in For...
fortios_firewall_multicast_policy                             Configure multicast NAT policies in For...
fortios_firewall_multicast_policy6                            Configure IPv6 multicast NAT policies i...
fortios_firewall_policy                                       Configure IPv4 policies in Fortinet's F...
fortios_firewall_policy46                                     Configure IPv4 to IPv6 policies in Fort...
fortios_firewall_policy6                                      Configure IPv6 policies in Fortinet's F...
fortios_firewall_policy64                                     Configure IPv6 to IPv4 policies in Fort...
fortios_firewall_profile_group                                Configure profile groups in Fortinet's ...
fortios_firewall_profile_protocol_options                     Configure protocol options in Fortinet'...
fortios_firewall_proxy_address                                Web proxy address configuration in Fort...
fortios_firewall_proxy_addrgrp                                Web proxy address group configuration i...
fortios_firewall_proxy_policy                                 Configure proxy policies in Fortinet's ...
fortios_firewall_schedule_group                               Schedule group configuration in Fortine...
fortios_firewall_schedule_onetime                             Onetime schedule configuration in Forti...
fortios_firewall_schedule_recurring                           Recurring schedule configuration in For...
fortios_firewall_service_category                             Configure service categories in Fortine...
fortios_firewall_service_custom                               Configure custom services in Fortinet's...
fortios_firewall_service_group                                Configure service groups in Fortinet's ...
fortios_firewall_shaper_per_ip_shaper                         Configure per-IP traffic shaper in Fort...
fortios_firewall_shaper_traffic_shaper                        Configure shared traffic shaper in Fort...
fortios_firewall_shaping_policy                               Configure shaping policies in Fortinet'...
fortios_firewall_shaping_profile                              Configure shaping profiles in Fortinet'...
fortios_firewall_sniffer                                      Configure sniffer in Fortinet's FortiOS...
fortios_firewall_ssh_host_key                                 SSH proxy host public keys in Fortinet'...
fortios_firewall_ssh_local_ca                                 SSH proxy local CA in Fortinet's FortiO...
fortios_firewall_ssh_local_key                                SSH proxy local keys in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_firewall_ssh_setting                                  SSH proxy settings in Fortinet's FortiO...
fortios_firewall_ssl_server                                   Configure SSL servers in Fortinet's For...
fortios_firewall_ssl_setting                                  SSL proxy settings in Fortinet's FortiO...
fortios_firewall_ssl_ssh_profile                              Configure SSL/SSH protocol options in F...
fortios_firewall_ttl_policy                                   Configure TTL policies in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_firewall_vip                                          Configure virtual IP for IPv4 in Fortin...
fortios_firewall_vip46                                        Configure IPv4 to IPv6 virtual IPs in F...
fortios_firewall_vip6                                         Configure virtual IP for IPv6 in Fortin...
fortios_firewall_vip64                                        Configure IPv6 to IPv4 virtual IPs in F...
fortios_firewall_vipgrp                                       Configure IPv4 virtual IP groups in For...
fortios_firewall_vipgrp46                                     Configure IPv4 to IPv6 virtual IP group...
fortios_firewall_vipgrp6                                      Configure IPv6 virtual IP groups in For...
fortios_firewall_vipgrp64                                     Configure IPv6 to IPv4 virtual IP group...
fortios_firewall_wildcard_fqdn_custom                         Config global/VDOM Wildcard FQDN addres...
fortios_firewall_wildcard_fqdn_group                          Config global Wildcard FQDN address gro...
fortios_ftp_proxy_explicit                                    Configure explicit FTP proxy settings i...
fortios_icap_profile                                          Configure ICAP profiles in Fortinet's F...
fortios_icap_server                                           Configure ICAP servers in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_ips_custom                                            Configure IPS custom signature in Forti...
fortios_ips_decoder                                           Configure IPS decoder in Fortinet's For...
fortios_ips_global                                            Configure IPS global parameter in Forti...
fortios_ips_rule                                              Configure IPS rules in Fortinet's Forti...
fortios_ips_rule_settings                                     Configure IPS rule setting in Fortinet'...
fortios_ips_sensor                                            Configure IPS sensor in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_ips_settings                                          Configure IPS VDOM parameter in Fortine...
fortios_ipv4_policy                                           Manage IPv4 policy objects on Fortinet ...
fortios_log_custom_field                                      Configure custom log fields in Fortinet...
fortios_log_disk_filter                                       Configure filters for local disk loggin...
fortios_log_disk_setting                                      Settings for local disk logging in Fort...
fortios_log_eventfilter                                       Configure log event filters in Fortinet...
fortios_log_fortianalyzer2_filter                             Filters for FortiAnalyzer in Fortinet's...
fortios_log_fortianalyzer2_setting                            Global FortiAnalyzer settings in Fortin...
fortios_log_fortianalyzer3_filter                             Filters for FortiAnalyzer in Fortinet's...
fortios_log_fortianalyzer3_setting                            Global FortiAnalyzer settings in Fortin...
fortios_log_fortianalyzer_filter                              Filters for FortiAnalyzer in Fortinet's...
fortios_log_fortianalyzer_override_filter                     Override filters for FortiAnalyzer in F...
fortios_log_fortianalyzer_override_setting                    Override FortiAnalyzer settings in Fort...
fortios_log_fortianalyzer_setting                             Global FortiAnalyzer settings in Fortin...
fortios_log_fortiguard_filter                                 Filters for FortiCloud in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_log_fortiguard_override_filter                        Override filters for FortiCloud in Fort...
fortios_log_fortiguard_override_setting                       Override global FortiCloud logging sett...
fortios_log_fortiguard_setting                                Configure logging to FortiCloud in Fort...
fortios_log_gui_display                                       Configure how log messages are displaye...
fortios_log_memory_filter                                     Filters for memory buffer in Fortinet's...
fortios_log_memory_global_setting                             Global settings for memory logging in F...
fortios_log_memory_setting                                    Settings for memory buffer in Fortinet'...
fortios_log_null_device_filter                                Filters for null device logging in Fort...
fortios_log_null_device_setting                               Settings for null device logging in For...
fortios_log_setting                                           Configure general log settings in Forti...
fortios_log_syslogd2_filter                                   Filters for remote system server in For...
fortios_log_syslogd2_setting                                  Global settings for remote syslog serve...
fortios_log_syslogd3_filter                                   Filters for remote system server in For...
fortios_log_syslogd3_setting                                  Global settings for remote syslog serve...
fortios_log_syslogd4_filter                                   Filters for remote system server in For...
fortios_log_syslogd4_setting                                  Global settings for remote syslog serve...
fortios_log_syslogd_filter                                    Filters for remote system server in For...
fortios_log_syslogd_override_filter                           Override filters for remote system serv...
fortios_log_syslogd_override_setting                          Override settings for remote syslog ser...
fortios_log_syslogd_setting                                   Global settings for remote syslog serve...
fortios_log_threat_weight                                     Configure threat weight settings in For...
fortios_log_webtrends_filter                                  Filters for WebTrends in Fortinet's For...
fortios_log_webtrends_setting                                 Settings for WebTrends in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_report_chart                                          Report chart widget configuration in Fo...
fortios_report_dataset                                        Report dataset configuration in Fortine...
fortios_report_layout                                         Report layout configuration in Fortinet...
fortios_report_setting                                        Report setting configuration in Fortine...
fortios_report_style                                          Report style configuration in Fortinet'...
fortios_report_theme                                          Report themes configuration in Fortinet...
fortios_router_access_list                                    Configure access lists in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_router_access_list6                                   Configure IPv6 access lists in Fortinet...
fortios_router_aspath_list                                    Configure Autonomous System (AS) path l...
fortios_router_auth_path                                      Configure authentication based routing ...
fortios_router_bfd                                            Configure BFD in Fortinet's FortiOS and...
fortios_router_bfd6                                           Configure IPv6 BFD in Fortinet's FortiO...
fortios_router_bgp                                            Configure BGP in Fortinet's FortiOS and...
fortios_router_community_list                                 Configure community lists in Fortinet's...
fortios_router_isis                                           Configure IS-IS in Fortinet's FortiOS a...
fortios_router_key_chain                                      Configure key-chain in Fortinet's Forti...
fortios_router_multicast                                      Configure router multicast in Fortinet'...
fortios_router_multicast6                                     Configure IPv6 multicast in Fortinet's ...
fortios_router_multicast_flow                                 Configure multicast-flow in Fortinet's ...
fortios_router_ospf                                           Configure OSPF in Fortinet's FortiOS an...
fortios_router_ospf6                                          Configure IPv6 OSPF in Fortinet's Forti...
fortios_router_policy                                         Configure IPv4 routing policies in Fort...
fortios_router_policy6                                        Configure IPv6 routing policies in Fort...
fortios_router_prefix_list                                    Configure IPv4 prefix lists in Fortinet...
fortios_router_prefix_list6                                   Configure IPv6 prefix lists in Fortinet...
fortios_router_rip                                            Configure RIP in Fortinet's FortiOS and...
fortios_router_ripng                                          Configure RIPng in Fortinet's FortiOS a...
fortios_router_route_map                                      Configure route maps in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_router_setting                                        Configure router settings in Fortinet's...
fortios_router_static                                         Configure IPv4 static routing tables in...
fortios_router_static6                                        Configure IPv6 static routing tables in...
fortios_spamfilter_bwl                                        Configure anti-spam black/white list in...
fortios_spamfilter_bword                                      Configure AntiSpam banned word list in ...
fortios_spamfilter_dnsbl                                      Configure AntiSpam DNSBL/ORBL in Fortin...
fortios_spamfilter_fortishield                                Configure FortiGuard - AntiSpam in Fort...
fortios_spamfilter_iptrust                                    Configure AntiSpam IP trust in Fortinet...
fortios_spamfilter_mheader                                    Configure AntiSpam MIME header in Forti...
fortios_spamfilter_options                                    Configure AntiSpam options in Fortinet'...
fortios_spamfilter_profile                                    Configure AntiSpam profiles in Fortinet...
fortios_ssh_filter_profile                                    SSH filter profile in Fortinet's FortiO...
fortios_switch_controller_802_1X_settings                     Configure global 802.1X settings in For...
fortios_switch_controller_custom_command                      Configure the FortiGate switch controll...
fortios_switch_controller_global                              Configure FortiSwitch global settings i...
fortios_switch_controller_igmp_snooping                       Configure FortiSwitch IGMP snooping glo...
fortios_switch_controller_lldp_profile                        Configure FortiSwitch LLDP profiles in ...
fortios_switch_controller_lldp_settings                       Configure FortiSwitch LLDP settings in ...
fortios_switch_controller_mac_sync_settings                   Configure global MAC synchronization se...
fortios_switch_controller_managed_switch                      Configure FortiSwitch devices that are ...
fortios_switch_controller_network_monitor_settings            Configure network monitor settings in F...
fortios_switch_controller_qos_dot1p_map                       Configure FortiSwitch QoS 802.1p in For...
fortios_switch_controller_qos_ip_dscp_map                     Configure FortiSwitch QoS IP precedence...
fortios_switch_controller_qos_qos_policy                      Configure FortiSwitch QoS policy in For...
fortios_switch_controller_qos_queue_policy                    Configure FortiSwitch QoS egress queue ...
fortios_switch_controller_quarantine                          Configure FortiSwitch quarantine suppor...
fortios_switch_controller_security_policy_802_1X              Configure 802.1x MAC Authentication Byp...
fortios_switch_controller_security_policy_captive_portal      Names of VLANs that use captive portal ...
fortios_switch_controller_sflow                               Configure FortiSwitch sFlow in Fortinet...
fortios_switch_controller_storm_control                       Configure FortiSwitch storm control in ...
fortios_switch_controller_stp_settings                        Configure FortiSwitch spanning tree pro...
fortios_switch_controller_switch_group                        Configure FortiSwitch switch groups in ...
fortios_switch_controller_switch_interface_tag                Configure switch object tags in Fortine...
fortios_switch_controller_switch_log                          Configure FortiSwitch logging (logs are...
fortios_switch_controller_switch_profile                      Configure FortiSwitch switch profile in...
fortios_switch_controller_system                              Configure system-wide switch controller...
fortios_switch_controller_virtual_port_pool                   Configure virtual pool in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_switch_controller_vlan                                Configure VLANs for switch controller i...
fortios_system_accprofile                                     Configure access profiles for system ad...
fortios_system_admin                                          Configure admin users in Fortinet's For...
fortios_system_affinity_interrupt                             Configure interrupt affinity in Fortine...
fortios_system_affinity_packet_redistribution                 Configure packet redistribution in Fort...
fortios_system_alarm                                          Configure alarm in Fortinet's FortiOS a...
fortios_system_alias                                          Configure alias command in Fortinet's F...
fortios_system_api_user                                       Configure API users in Fortinet's Forti...
fortios_system_arp_table                                      Configure ARP table in Fortinet's Forti...
fortios_system_auto_install                                   Configure USB auto installation in Fort...
fortios_system_auto_script                                    Configure auto script in Fortinet's For...
fortios_system_automation_action                              Action for automation stitches in Forti...
fortios_system_automation_destination                         Automation destinations in Fortinet's F...
fortios_system_automation_stitch                              Automation stitches in Fortinet's Forti...
fortios_system_automation_trigger                             Trigger for automation stitches in Fort...
fortios_system_autoupdate_push_update                         Configure push updates in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_system_autoupdate_schedule                            Configure update schedule in Fortinet's...
fortios_system_autoupdate_tunneling                           Configure web proxy tunnelling for the ...
fortios_system_central_management                             Configure central management in Fortine...
fortios_system_cluster_sync                                   Configure FortiGate Session Life Suppor...
fortios_system_console                                        Configure console in Fortinet's FortiOS...
fortios_system_csf                                            Add this FortiGate to a Security Fabric...
fortios_system_custom_language                                Configure custom languages in Fortinet'...
fortios_system_ddns                                           Configure DDNS in Fortinet's FortiOS an...
fortios_system_dedicated_mgmt                                 Configure dedicated management in Forti...
fortios_system_dhcp6_server                                   Configure DHCPv6 servers in Fortinet's ...
fortios_system_dhcp_server                                    Configure DHCP servers in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_system_dns                                            Configure DNS in Fortinet's FortiOS and...
fortios_system_dns_database                                   Configure DNS databases in Fortinet's F...
fortios_system_dns_server                                     Configure DNS servers in Fortinet's For...
fortios_system_dscp_based_priority                            Configure DSCP based priority table in ...
fortios_system_email_server                                   Configure the email server used by the ...
fortios_system_external_resource                              Configure external resource in Fortinet...
fortios_system_fips_cc                                        Configure FIPS-CC mode in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_system_firmware_upgrade                               Perform firmware upgrade on FortiGate o...
fortios_system_fm                                             Configure FM in Fortinet's FortiOS and ...
fortios_system_fortiguard                                     Configure FortiGuard services in Fortin...
fortios_system_fortimanager                                   Configure FortiManager in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_system_fortisandbox                                   Configure FortiSandbox in Fortinet's Fo...
fortios_system_fsso_polling                                   Configure Fortinet Single Sign On (FSSO...
fortios_system_ftm_push                                       Configure FortiToken Mobile push servic...
fortios_system_geoip_override                                 Configure geographical location mapping...
fortios_system_global                                         Configure global attributes in Fortinet...
fortios_system_gre_tunnel                                     Configure GRE tunnel in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_ha                                             Configure HA in Fortinet's FortiOS and ...
fortios_system_ha_monitor                                     Configure HA monitor in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_interface                                      Configure interfaces in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_ipip_tunnel                                    Configure IP in IP Tunneling in Fortine...
fortios_system_ips_urlfilter_dns                              Configure IPS URL filter DNS servers in...
fortios_system_ips_urlfilter_dns6                             Configure IPS URL filter IPv6 DNS serve...
fortios_system_ipv6_neighbor_cache                            Configure IPv6 neighbor cache table in ...
fortios_system_ipv6_tunnel                                    Configure IPv6/IPv4 in IPv6 tunnel in F...
fortios_system_link_monitor                                   Configure Link Health Monitor in Fortin...
fortios_system_mac_address_table                              Configure MAC address tables in Fortine...
fortios_system_management_tunnel                              Management tunnel configuration in Fort...
fortios_system_mobile_tunnel                                  Configure Mobile tunnels, an implementa...
fortios_system_nat64                                          Configure NAT64 in Fortinet's FortiOS a...
fortios_system_nd_proxy                                       Configure IPv6 neighbor discovery proxy...
fortios_system_netflow                                        Configure NetFlow in Fortinet's FortiOS...
fortios_system_network_visibility                             Configure network visibility settings i...
fortios_system_ntp                                            Configure system NTP information in For...
fortios_system_object_tagging                                 Configure object tagging in Fortinet's ...
fortios_system_password_policy                                Configure password policy for locally d...
fortios_system_password_policy_guest_admin                    Configure the password policy for guest...
fortios_system_pppoe_interface                                Configure the PPPoE interfaces in Forti...
fortios_system_probe_response                                 Configure system probe response in Fort...
fortios_system_proxy_arp                                      Configure proxy-ARP in Fortinet's Forti...
fortios_system_replacemsg_admin                               Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_alertmail                           Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_auth                                Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_device_detection_portal             Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_ec                                  Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_fortiguard_wf                       Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_ftp                                 Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_group                               Configure replacement message groups in...
fortios_system_replacemsg_http                                Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_icap                                Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_image                               Configure replacement message images in...
fortios_system_replacemsg_mail                                Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_nac_quar                            Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_nntp                                Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_spam                                Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_sslvpn                              Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_traffic_quota                       Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_utm                                 Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_replacemsg_webproxy                            Replacement messages in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_resource_limits                                Configure resource limits in Fortinet's...
fortios_system_sdn_connector                                  Configure connection to SDN Connector i...
fortios_system_session_helper                                 Configure session helper in Fortinet's ...
fortios_system_session_ttl                                    Configure global session TTL timers for...
fortios_system_settings                                       Configure VDOM settings in Fortinet's F...
fortios_system_sflow                                          Configure sFlow in Fortinet's FortiOS a...
fortios_system_sit_tunnel                                     Configure IPv6 tunnel over IPv4 in Fort...
fortios_system_sms_server                                     Configure SMS server for sending SMS me...
fortios_system_snmp_community                                 SNMP community configuration in Fortine...
fortios_system_snmp_sysinfo                                   SNMP system info configuration in Forti...
fortios_system_snmp_user                                      SNMP user configuration in Fortinet's F...
fortios_system_storage                                        Configure logical storage in Fortinet's...
fortios_system_switch_interface                               Configure software switch interfaces by...
fortios_system_tos_based_priority                             Configure Type of Service (ToS) based p...
fortios_system_vdom                                           Configure virtual domain in Fortinet's ...
fortios_system_vdom_dns                                       Configure DNS servers for a non-managem...
fortios_system_vdom_exception                                 Global configuration objects that can b...
fortios_system_vdom_link                                      Configure VDOM links in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_system_vdom_netflow                                   Configure NetFlow per VDOM in Fortinet'...
fortios_system_vdom_property                                  Configure VDOM property in Fortinet's F...
fortios_system_vdom_radius_server                             Configure a RADIUS server to use as a R...
fortios_system_vdom_sflow                                     Configure sFlow per VDOM to add or chan...
fortios_system_virtual_wan_link                               Configure redundant internet connection...
fortios_system_virtual_wire_pair                              Configure virtual wire pairs in Fortine...
fortios_system_vxlan                                          Configure VXLAN devices in Fortinet's F...
fortios_system_wccp                                           Configure WCCP in Fortinet's FortiOS an...
fortios_system_zone                                           Configure zones to group two or more in...
fortios_user_adgrp                                            Configure FSSO groups in Fortinet's For...
fortios_user_device                                           Configure devices in Fortinet's FortiOS...
fortios_user_device_access_list                               Configure device access control lists i...
fortios_user_device_category                                  Configure device categories in Fortinet...
fortios_user_device_group                                     Configure device groups in Fortinet's F...
fortios_user_domain_controller                                Configure domain controller entries in ...
fortios_user_fortitoken                                       Configure FortiToken in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_user_fsso                                             Configure Fortinet Single Sign On (FSSO...
fortios_user_fsso_polling                                     Configure FSSO active directory servers...
fortios_user_group                                            Configure user groups in Fortinet's For...
fortios_user_krb_keytab                                       Configure Kerberos keytab entries in Fo...
fortios_user_ldap                                             Configure LDAP server entries in Fortin...
fortios_user_local                                            Configure local users in Fortinet's For...
fortios_user_password_policy                                  Configure user password policy in Forti...
fortios_user_peer                                             Configure peer users in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_user_peergrp                                          Configure peer groups in Fortinet's For...
fortios_user_pop3                                             POP3 server entry configuration in Fort...
fortios_user_quarantine                                       Configure quarantine support in Fortine...
fortios_user_radius                                           Configure RADIUS server entries in Fort...
fortios_user_security_exempt_list                             Configure security exemption list in Fo...
fortios_user_setting                                          Configure user authentication setting i...
fortios_user_tacacsplus                                       Configure TACACS+ server entries in For...
fortios_voip_profile                                          Configure VoIP profiles in Fortinet's F...
fortios_vpn_certificate_ca                                    CA certificate in Fortinet's FortiOS an...
fortios_vpn_certificate_crl                                   Certificate Revocation List as a PEM fi...
fortios_vpn_certificate_local                                 Local keys and certificates in Fortinet...
fortios_vpn_certificate_ocsp_server                           OCSP server configuration in Fortinet's...
fortios_vpn_certificate_remote                                Remote certificate as a PEM file in For...
fortios_vpn_certificate_setting                               VPN certificate setting in Fortinet's F...
fortios_vpn_ipsec_concentrator                                Concentrator configuration in Fortinet'...
fortios_vpn_ipsec_forticlient                                 Configure FortiClient policy realm in F...
fortios_vpn_ipsec_manualkey                                   Configure IPsec manual keys in Fortinet...
fortios_vpn_ipsec_manualkey_interface                         Configure IPsec manual keys in Fortinet...
fortios_vpn_ipsec_phase1                                      Configure VPN remote gateway in Fortine...
fortios_vpn_ipsec_phase1_interface                            Configure VPN remote gateway in Fortine...
fortios_vpn_ipsec_phase2                                      Configure VPN autokey tunnel in Fortine...
fortios_vpn_ipsec_phase2_interface                            Configure VPN autokey tunnel in Fortine...
fortios_vpn_l2tp                                              Configure L2TP in Fortinet's FortiOS an...
fortios_vpn_pptp                                              Configure PPTP in Fortinet's FortiOS an...
fortios_vpn_ssl_settings                                      Configure SSL VPN in Fortinet's FortiOS...
fortios_vpn_ssl_web_host_check_software                       SSL-VPN host check software in Fortinet...
fortios_vpn_ssl_web_portal                                    Portal in Fortinet's FortiOS and FortiG...
fortios_vpn_ssl_web_realm                                     Realm in Fortinet's FortiOS and FortiGa...
fortios_vpn_ssl_web_user_bookmark                             Configure SSL VPN user bookmark in Fort...
fortios_vpn_ssl_web_user_group_bookmark                       Configure SSL VPN user group bookmark i...
fortios_waf_main_class                                        Hidden table for datasource in Fortinet...
fortios_waf_profile                                           Web application firewall configuration ...
fortios_waf_signature                                         Hidden table for datasource in Fortinet...
fortios_waf_sub_class                                         Hidden table for datasource in Fortinet...
fortios_wanopt_auth_group                                     Configure WAN optimization authenticati...
fortios_wanopt_cache_service                                  Designate cache-service for wan-optimiz...
fortios_wanopt_content_delivery_network_rule                  Configure WAN optimization content deli...
fortios_wanopt_peer                                           Configure WAN optimization peers in For...
fortios_wanopt_profile                                        Configure WAN optimization profiles in ...
fortios_wanopt_remote_storage                                 Configure a remote cache device as Web ...
fortios_wanopt_settings                                       Configure WAN optimization settings in ...
fortios_wanopt_webcache                                       Configure global Web cache settings in ...
fortios_web_proxy_debug_url                                   Configure debug URL addresses in Fortin...
fortios_web_proxy_explicit                                    Configure explicit Web proxy settings i...
fortios_web_proxy_forward_server                              Configure forward-server addresses in F...
fortios_web_proxy_forward_server_group                        Configure a forward server group consis...
fortios_web_proxy_global                                      Configure Web proxy global settings in ...
fortios_web_proxy_profile                                     Configure web proxy profiles in Fortine...
fortios_web_proxy_url_match                                   Exempt URLs from web proxy forwarding a...
fortios_web_proxy_wisp                                        Configure Wireless Internet service pro...
fortios_webfilter                                             Configure webfilter capabilities of For...
fortios_webfilter_content                                     Configure Web filter banned word table ...
fortios_webfilter_content_header                              Configure content types used by Web fil...
fortios_webfilter_fortiguard                                  Configure FortiGuard Web Filter service...
fortios_webfilter_ftgd_local_cat                              Configure FortiGuard Web Filter local c...
fortios_webfilter_ftgd_local_rating                           Configure local FortiGuard Web Filter l...
fortios_webfilter_ips_urlfilter_cache_setting                 Configure IPS URL filter cache settings...
fortios_webfilter_ips_urlfilter_setting                       Configure IPS URL filter settings in Fo...
fortios_webfilter_ips_urlfilter_setting6                      Configure IPS URL filter settings for I...
fortios_webfilter_override                                    Configure FortiGuard Web Filter adminis...
fortios_webfilter_profile                                     Configure Web filter profiles in Fortin...
fortios_webfilter_search_engine                               Configure web filter search engines in ...
fortios_webfilter_urlfilter                                   Configure URL filter lists in Fortinet'...
fortios_wireless_controller_ap_status                         Configure access point status (rogue | ...
fortios_wireless_controller_ble_profile                       Configure Bluetooth Low Energy profile ...
fortios_wireless_controller_bonjour_profile                   Configure Bonjour profiles. Bonjour is ...
fortios_wireless_controller_global                            Configure wireless controller global se...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_anqp_3gpp_cellular      Configure 3GPP public land mobile netwo...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_anqp_ip_address_type    Configure IP address type availability ...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_anqp_nai_realm          Configure network access identifier (NA...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_anqp_network_auth_type  Configure network authentication type i...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_anqp_roaming_consortium Configure roaming consortium in Fortine...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_anqp_venue_name         Configure venue name duple in Fortinet'...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_h2qp_conn_capability    Configure connection capability in Fort...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_h2qp_operator_name      Configure operator friendly name in For...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_h2qp_osu_provider       Configure online sign up (OSU) provider...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_h2qp_wan_metric         Configure WAN metrics in Fortinet's For...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_hs_profile              Configure hotspot profile in Fortinet's...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_icon                    Configure OSU provider icon in Fortinet...
fortios_wireless_controller_hotspot20_qos_map                 Configure QoS map set in Fortinet's For...
fortios_wireless_controller_inter_controller                  Configure inter wireless controller ope...
fortios_wireless_controller_qos_profile                       Configure WiFi quality of service (QoS)...
fortios_wireless_controller_setting                           VDOM wireless controller configuration ...
fortios_wireless_controller_timers                            Configure CAPWAP timers in Fortinet's F...
fortios_wireless_controller_utm_profile                       Configure UTM (Unified Threat Managemen...
fortios_wireless_controller_vap                               Configure Virtual Access Points (VAPs) ...
fortios_wireless_controller_vap_group                         Configure virtual Access Point (VAP) gr...
fortios_wireless_controller_wids_profile                      Configure wireless intrusion detection ...
fortios_wireless_controller_wtp                               Configure Wireless Termination Points (...
fortios_wireless_controller_wtp_group                         Configure WTP groups in Fortinet's Fort...
fortios_wireless_controller_wtp_profile                       Configure WTP profiles or FortiAP profi...
frr_bgp                                                       Configure global BGP settings on Free R...
frr_facts                                                     Collect facts from remote devices runni...
ftd_configuration                                             Manages configuration on Cisco FTD devi...
ftd_file_download                                             Downloads files from Cisco FTD devices ...
ftd_file_upload                                               Uploads files to Cisco FTD devices over...
ftd_install                                                   Installs FTD pkg image on the firewall 
gather_facts                                                  Gathers facts about remote hosts       
gc_storage                                                    This module manages objects/buckets in ...
gcdns_record                                                  Creates or removes resource records in ...
gcdns_zone                                                    Creates or removes zones in Google Clou...
gce                                                           create or terminate GCE instances      
gce_eip                                                       Create or Destroy Global or Regional Ex...
gce_img                                                       utilize GCE image resources            
gce_instance_template                                         create or destroy instance templates of...
gce_labels                                                    Create, Update or Destroy GCE Labels   
gce_lb                                                        create/destroy GCE load-balancer resour...
gce_mig                                                       Create, Update or Destroy a Managed Ins...
gce_net                                                       create/destroy GCE networks and firewal...
gce_pd                                                        utilize GCE persistent disk resources  
gce_snapshot                                                  Create or destroy snapshots for GCE sto...
gce_tag                                                       add or remove tag(s) to/from GCE instan...
gconftool2                                                    Edit GNOME Configurations              
gcp_appengine_firewall_rule                                   Creates a GCP FirewallRule             
gcp_appengine_firewall_rule_info                              Gather info for GCP FirewallRule       
gcp_backend_service                                           Create or Destroy a Backend Service    
gcp_bigquery_dataset                                          Creates a GCP Dataset                  
gcp_bigquery_dataset_info                                     Gather info for GCP Dataset            
gcp_bigquery_table                                            Creates a GCP Table                    
gcp_bigquery_table_info                                       Gather info for GCP Table              
gcp_cloudbuild_trigger                                        Creates a GCP Trigger                  
gcp_cloudbuild_trigger_info                                   Gather info for GCP Trigger            
gcp_cloudfunctions_cloud_function                             Creates a GCP CloudFunction            
gcp_cloudfunctions_cloud_function_info                        Gather info for GCP CloudFunction      
gcp_cloudscheduler_job                                        Creates a GCP Job                      
gcp_cloudscheduler_job_info                                   Gather info for GCP Job                
gcp_cloudtasks_queue                                          Creates a GCP Queue                    
gcp_cloudtasks_queue_info                                     Gather info for GCP Queue              
gcp_compute_address                                           Creates a GCP Address                  
gcp_compute_address_info                                      Gather info for GCP Address            
gcp_compute_autoscaler                                        Creates a GCP Autoscaler               
gcp_compute_autoscaler_info                                   Gather info for GCP Autoscaler         
gcp_compute_backend_bucket                                    Creates a GCP BackendBucket            
gcp_compute_backend_bucket_info                               Gather info for GCP BackendBucket      
gcp_compute_backend_service                                   Creates a GCP BackendService           
gcp_compute_backend_service_info                              Gather info for GCP BackendService     
gcp_compute_disk                                              Creates a GCP Disk                     
gcp_compute_disk_info                                         Gather info for GCP Disk               
gcp_compute_firewall                                          Creates a GCP Firewall                 
gcp_compute_firewall_info                                     Gather info for GCP Firewall           
gcp_compute_forwarding_rule                                   Creates a GCP ForwardingRule           
gcp_compute_forwarding_rule_info                              Gather info for GCP ForwardingRule     
gcp_compute_global_address                                    Creates a GCP GlobalAddress            
gcp_compute_global_address_info                               Gather info for GCP GlobalAddress      
gcp_compute_global_forwarding_rule                            Creates a GCP GlobalForwardingRule     
gcp_compute_global_forwarding_rule_info                       Gather info for GCP GlobalForwardingRul...
gcp_compute_health_check                                      Creates a GCP HealthCheck              
gcp_compute_health_check_info                                 Gather info for GCP HealthCheck        
gcp_compute_http_health_check                                 Creates a GCP HttpHealthCheck          
gcp_compute_http_health_check_info                            Gather info for GCP HttpHealthCheck    
gcp_compute_https_health_check                                Creates a GCP HttpsHealthCheck         
gcp_compute_https_health_check_info                           Gather info for GCP HttpsHealthCheck   
gcp_compute_image                                             Creates a GCP Image                    
gcp_compute_image_info                                        Gather info for GCP Image              
gcp_compute_instance                                          Creates a GCP Instance                 
gcp_compute_instance_group                                    Creates a GCP InstanceGroup            
gcp_compute_instance_group_info                               Gather info for GCP InstanceGroup      
gcp_compute_instance_group_manager                            Creates a GCP InstanceGroupManager     
gcp_compute_instance_group_manager_info                       Gather info for GCP InstanceGroupManage...
gcp_compute_instance_info                                     Gather info for GCP Instance           
gcp_compute_instance_template                                 Creates a GCP InstanceTemplate         
gcp_compute_instance_template_info                            Gather info for GCP InstanceTemplate   
gcp_compute_interconnect_attachment                           Creates a GCP InterconnectAttachment   
gcp_compute_interconnect_attachment_info                      Gather info for GCP InterconnectAttachm...
gcp_compute_network                                           Creates a GCP Network                  
gcp_compute_network_info                                      Gather info for GCP Network            
gcp_compute_region_disk                                       Creates a GCP RegionDisk               
gcp_compute_region_disk_info                                  Gather info for GCP RegionDisk         
gcp_compute_route                                             Creates a GCP Route                    
gcp_compute_route_info                                        Gather info for GCP Route              
gcp_compute_router                                            Creates a GCP Router                   
gcp_compute_router_info                                       Gather info for GCP Router             
gcp_compute_snapshot                                          Creates a GCP Snapshot                 
gcp_compute_snapshot_info                                     Gather info for GCP Snapshot           
gcp_compute_ssl_certificate                                   Creates a GCP SslCertificate           
gcp_compute_ssl_certificate_info                              Gather info for GCP SslCertificate     
gcp_compute_ssl_policy                                        Creates a GCP SslPolicy                
gcp_compute_ssl_policy_info                                   Gather info for GCP SslPolicy          
gcp_compute_subnetwork                                        Creates a GCP Subnetwork               
gcp_compute_subnetwork_info                                   Gather info for GCP Subnetwork         
gcp_compute_target_http_proxy                                 Creates a GCP TargetHttpProxy          
gcp_compute_target_http_proxy_info                            Gather info for GCP TargetHttpProxy    
gcp_compute_target_https_proxy                                Creates a GCP TargetHttpsProxy         
gcp_compute_target_https_proxy_info                           Gather info for GCP TargetHttpsProxy   
gcp_compute_target_pool                                       Creates a GCP TargetPool               
gcp_compute_target_pool_info                                  Gather info for GCP TargetPool         
gcp_compute_target_ssl_proxy                                  Creates a GCP TargetSslProxy           
gcp_compute_target_ssl_proxy_info                             Gather info for GCP TargetSslProxy     
gcp_compute_target_tcp_proxy                                  Creates a GCP TargetTcpProxy           
gcp_compute_target_tcp_proxy_info                             Gather info for GCP TargetTcpProxy     
gcp_compute_target_vpn_gateway                                Creates a GCP TargetVpnGateway         
gcp_compute_target_vpn_gateway_info                           Gather info for GCP TargetVpnGateway   
gcp_compute_url_map                                           Creates a GCP UrlMap                   
gcp_compute_url_map_info                                      Gather info for GCP UrlMap             
gcp_compute_vpn_tunnel                                        Creates a GCP VpnTunnel                
gcp_compute_vpn_tunnel_info                                   Gather info for GCP VpnTunnel          
gcp_container_cluster                                         Creates a GCP Cluster                  
gcp_container_cluster_info                                    Gather info for GCP Cluster            
gcp_container_node_pool                                       Creates a GCP NodePool                 
gcp_container_node_pool_info                                  Gather info for GCP NodePool           
gcp_dns_managed_zone                                          Creates a GCP ManagedZone              
gcp_dns_managed_zone_info                                     Gather info for GCP ManagedZone        
gcp_dns_resource_record_set                                   Creates a GCP ResourceRecordSet        
gcp_dns_resource_record_set_info                              Gather info for GCP ResourceRecordSet  
gcp_filestore_instance                                        Creates a GCP Instance                 
gcp_filestore_instance_info                                   Gather info for GCP Instance           
gcp_forwarding_rule                                           Create, Update or Destroy a Forwarding_...
gcp_healthcheck                                               Create, Update or Destroy a Healthcheck
gcp_iam_role                                                  Creates a GCP Role                     
gcp_iam_role_info                                             Gather info for GCP Role               
gcp_iam_service_account                                       Creates a GCP ServiceAccount           
gcp_iam_service_account_info                                  Gather info for GCP ServiceAccount     
gcp_iam_service_account_key                                   Creates a GCP ServiceAccountKey        
gcp_kms_crypto_key                                            Creates a GCP CryptoKey                
gcp_kms_crypto_key_info                                       Gather info for GCP CryptoKey          
gcp_kms_key_ring                                              Creates a GCP KeyRing                  
gcp_kms_key_ring_info                                         Gather info for GCP KeyRing            
gcp_mlengine_model                                            Creates a GCP Model                    
gcp_mlengine_model_info                                       Gather info for GCP Model              
gcp_mlengine_version                                          Creates a GCP Version                  
gcp_mlengine_version_info                                     Gather info for GCP Version            
gcp_pubsub_subscription                                       Creates a GCP Subscription             
gcp_pubsub_subscription_info                                  Gather info for GCP Subscription       
gcp_pubsub_topic                                              Creates a GCP Topic                    
gcp_pubsub_topic_info                                         Gather info for GCP Topic              
gcp_redis_instance                                            Creates a GCP Instance                 
gcp_redis_instance_info                                       Gather info for GCP Instance           
gcp_resourcemanager_project                                   Creates a GCP Project                  
gcp_resourcemanager_project_info                              Gather info for GCP Project            
gcp_sourcerepo_repository                                     Creates a GCP Repository               
gcp_sourcerepo_repository_info                                Gather info for GCP Repository         
gcp_spanner_database                                          Creates a GCP Database                 
gcp_spanner_database_info                                     Gather info for GCP Database           
gcp_spanner_instance                                          Creates a GCP Instance                 
gcp_spanner_instance_info                                     Gather info for GCP Instance           
gcp_sql_database                                              Creates a GCP Database                 
gcp_sql_database_info                                         Gather info for GCP Database           
gcp_sql_instance                                              Creates a GCP Instance                 
gcp_sql_instance_info                                         Gather info for GCP Instance           
gcp_sql_user                                                  Creates a GCP User                     
gcp_sql_user_info                                             Gather info for GCP User               
gcp_storage_bucket                                            Creates a GCP Bucket                   
gcp_storage_bucket_access_control                             Creates a GCP BucketAccessControl      
gcp_storage_object                                            Creates a GCP Object                   
gcp_target_proxy                                              Create, Update or Destroy a Target_Prox...
gcp_tpu_node                                                  Creates a GCP Node                     
gcp_tpu_node_info                                             Gather info for GCP Node               
gcp_url_map                                                   Create, Update or Destroy a Url_Map    
gcpubsub                                                      Create and Delete Topics/Subscriptions,...
gcpubsub_info                                                 List Topics/Subscriptions and Messages ...
gcspanner                                                     Create and Delete Instances/Databases o...
gem                                                           Manage Ruby gems                       
get_certificate                                               Get a certificate from a host:port     
get_url                                                       Downloads files from HTTP, HTTPS, or FT...
getent                                                        A wrapper to the unix getent utility   
git                                                           Deploy software (or files) from git che...
git_config                                                    Read and write git configuration       
github_deploy_key                                             Manages deploy keys for GitHub reposito...
github_hooks                                                  Manages GitHub service hooks           
github_issue                                                  View GitHub issue                      
github_key                                                    Manage GitHub access keys              
github_release                                                Interact with GitHub Releases          
github_webhook                                                Manage GitHub webhooks                 
github_webhook_info                                           Query information about GitHub webhooks
gitlab_deploy_key                                             Manages GitLab project deploy keys     
gitlab_group                                                  Creates/updates/deletes GitLab Groups  
gitlab_hook                                                   Manages GitLab project hooks           
gitlab_project                                                Creates/updates/deletes GitLab Projects
gitlab_project_variable                                       Creates/updates/deletes GitLab Projects...
gitlab_runner                                                 Create, modify and delete GitLab Runner...
gitlab_user                                                   Creates/updates/deletes GitLab Users   
gluster_heal_info                                             Gather information on self-heal or reba...
gluster_peer                                                  Attach/Detach peers to/from the cluster
gluster_volume                                                Manage GlusterFS volumes               
grafana_dashboard                                             Manage Grafana dashboards              
grafana_datasource                                            Manage Grafana datasources             
grafana_plugin                                                Manage Grafana plugins via grafana-cli 
group                                                         Add or remove groups                   
group_by                                                      Create Ansible groups based on facts   
grove                                                         Sends a notification to a grove.io chan...
gunicorn                                                      Run gunicorn with various settings     
haproxy                                                       Enable, disable, and set weights for HA...
hcloud_datacenter_info                                        Gather info about the Hetzner Cloud dat...
hcloud_floating_ip_info                                       Gather infos about the Hetzner Cloud Fl...
hcloud_image_info                                             Gather infos about your Hetzner Cloud i...
hcloud_location_info                                          Gather infos about your Hetzner Cloud l...
hcloud_network                                                Create and manage cloud Networks on the...
hcloud_network_info                                           Gather info about your Hetzner Cloud ne...
hcloud_rdns                                                   Create and manage reverse DNS entries o...
hcloud_route                                                  Create and delete cloud routes on the H...
hcloud_server                                                 Create and manage cloud servers on the ...
hcloud_server_info                                            Gather infos about your Hetzner Cloud s...
hcloud_server_network                                         Manage the relationship between Hetzner...
hcloud_server_type_info                                       Gather infos about the Hetzner Cloud se...
hcloud_ssh_key                                                Create and manage ssh keys on the Hetzn...
hcloud_ssh_key_info                                           Gather infos about your Hetzner Cloud s...
hcloud_subnetwork                                             Manage cloud subnetworks on the Hetzner...
hcloud_volume                                                 Create and manage block volumes on the ...
hcloud_volume_info                                            Gather infos about your Hetzner Cloud v...
helm                                                          Manages Kubernetes packages with the He...
heroku_collaborator                                           Add or delete app collaborators on Hero...
hetzner_failover_ip                                           Manage Hetzner's failover IPs          
hetzner_failover_ip_info                                      Retrieve information on Hetzner's failo...
hg                                                            Manages Mercurial (hg) repositories    
hipchat                                                       Send a message to Hipchat              
homebrew                                                      Package manager for Homebrew           
homebrew_cask                                                 Install/uninstall homebrew casks       
homebrew_tap                                                  Tap a Homebrew repository              
honeybadger_deployment                                        Notify Honeybadger.io about app deploym...
hostname                                                      Manage hostname                        
hpilo_boot                                                    Boot system using specific media throug...
hpilo_info                                                    Gather information through an HP iLO in...
hponcfg                                                       Configure HP iLO interface using hponcf...
htpasswd                                                      manage user files for basic authenticat...
hwc_network_vpc                                               Creates a Huawei Cloud VPC             
hwc_smn_topic                                                 Creates a resource of SMNTopic in Huawe...
iam                                                           Manage IAM users, groups, roles and key...
iam_cert                                                      Manage server certificates for use on E...
iam_group                                                     Manage AWS IAM groups                  
iam_managed_policy                                            Manage User Managed IAM policies       
iam_mfa_device_info                                           List the MFA (Multi-Factor Authenticati...
iam_password_policy                                           Update an IAM Password Policy          
iam_policy                                                    Manage IAM policies for users, groups, ...
iam_role                                                      Manage AWS IAM roles                   
iam_role_info                                                 Gather information on IAM roles        
iam_server_certificate_info                                   Retrieve the information of a server ce...
iam_user                                                      Manage AWS IAM users                   
iap_start_workflow                                            Start a workflow in the Itential Automa...
iap_token                                                     Get token for the Itential Automation P...
ibm_sa_domain                                                 Manages domains on IBM Spectrum Acceler...
ibm_sa_host                                                   Adds hosts to or removes them from IBM ...
ibm_sa_host_ports                                             Add host ports on IBM Spectrum Accelera...
ibm_sa_pool                                                   Handles pools on IBM Spectrum Accelerat...
ibm_sa_vol                                                    Handle volumes on IBM Spectrum Accelera...
ibm_sa_vol_map                                                Handles volume mapping on IBM Spectrum ...
icinga2_feature                                               Manage Icinga2 feature                 
icinga2_host                                                  Manage a host in Icinga2               
icx_banner                                                    Manage multiline banners on Ruckus ICX ...
icx_command                                                   Run arbitrary commands on remote Ruckus...
icx_config                                                    Manage configuration sections of Ruckus...
icx_copy                                                      Transfer files from or to remote Ruckus...
icx_facts                                                     Collect facts from remote Ruckus ICX 70...
icx_interface                                                 Manage Interface on Ruckus ICX 7000 ser...
icx_l3_interface                                              Manage Layer-3 interfaces on Ruckus ICX...
icx_linkagg                                                   Manage link aggregation groups on Rucku...
icx_lldp                                                      Manage LLDP configuration on Ruckus ICX...
icx_logging                                                   Manage logging on Ruckus ICX 7000 serie...
icx_ping                                                      Tests reachability using ping from Ruck...
icx_static_route                                              Manage static IP routes on Ruckus ICX 7...
icx_system                                                    Manage the system attributes on Ruckus ...
icx_user                                                      Manage the user accounts on Ruckus ICX ...
icx_vlan                                                      Manage VLANs on Ruckus ICX 7000 series ...
idrac_firmware                                                Firmware update from a repository on a ...
idrac_redfish_command                                         Manages Out-Of-Band controllers using i...
idrac_redfish_config                                          Manages servers through iDRAC using Del...
idrac_redfish_info                                            Manages servers through iDRAC using Del...
idrac_server_config_profile                                   Export or Import iDRAC Server Configura...
ig_config                                                     Manage the configuration database on an...
ig_unit_information                                           Get unit information from an Ingate SBC
imc_rest                                                      Manage Cisco IMC hardware through its R...
imgadm                                                        Manage SmartOS images                  
import_playbook                                               Import a playbook                      
import_role                                                   Import a role into a play              
import_tasks                                                  Import a task list                     
include                                                       Include a play or task list            
include_role                                                  Load and execute a role                
include_tasks                                                 Dynamically include a task list        
include_vars                                                  Load variables from files, dynamically ...
infini_export                                                 Create, Delete or Modify NFS Exports on...
infini_export_client                                          Create, Delete or Modify NFS Client(s) ...
infini_fs                                                     Create, Delete or Modify filesystems on...
infini_host                                                   Create, Delete and Modify Hosts on Infi...
infini_pool                                                   Create, Delete and Modify Pools on Infi...
infini_vol                                                    Create, Delete or Modify volumes on Inf...
infinity                                                      Manage Infinity IPAM using Rest API    
influxdb_database                                             Manage InfluxDB databases              
influxdb_query                                                Query data points from InfluxDB        
influxdb_retention_policy                                     Manage InfluxDB retention policies     
influxdb_user                                                 Manage InfluxDB users                  
influxdb_write                                                Write data points into InfluxDB        
ini_file                                                      Tweak settings in INI files            
installp                                                      Manage packages on AIX                 
interfaces_file                                               Tweak settings in /etc/network/interfac...
intersight_info                                               Gather information about Intersight    
intersight_rest_api                                           REST API configuration for Cisco Inters...
ios_banner                                                    Manage multiline banners on Cisco IOS d...
ios_bgp                                                       Configure global BGP protocol settings ...
ios_command                                                   Run commands on remote devices running ...
ios_config                                                    Manage Cisco IOS configuration sections
ios_facts                                                     Collect facts from remote devices runni...
ios_interface                                                 Manage Interface on Cisco IOS network d...
ios_interfaces                                                Manages interface attributes of Cisco I...
ios_l2_interface                                              Manage Layer-2 interface on Cisco IOS d...
ios_l2_interfaces                                             Manage Layer-2 interface on Cisco IOS d...
ios_l3_interface                                              Manage Layer-3 interfaces on Cisco IOS ...
ios_l3_interfaces                                             Manage Layer-3 interface on Cisco IOS d...
ios_lacp                                                      Manage Global Link Aggregation Control ...
ios_lacp_interfaces                                           Manage Link Aggregation Control Protoco...
ios_lag_interfaces                                            Manage Link Aggregation on Cisco IOS de...
ios_linkagg                                                   Manage link aggregation groups on Cisco...
ios_lldp                                                      Manage LLDP configuration on Cisco IOS ...
ios_lldp_global                                               Configure and manage Link Layer Discove...
ios_lldp_interfaces                                           Manage link layer discovery protocol (L...
ios_logging                                                   Manage logging on network devices      
ios_ntp                                                       Manages core NTP configuration         
ios_ping                                                      Tests reachability using ping from Cisc...
ios_static_route                                              Manage static IP routes on Cisco IOS ne...
ios_system                                                    Manage the system attributes on Cisco I...
ios_user                                                      Manage the aggregate of local users on ...
ios_vlan                                                      Manage VLANs on IOS network devices    
ios_vlans                                                     Manage VLANs on Cisco IOS devices      
ios_vrf                                                       Manage the collection of VRF definition...
iosxr_banner                                                  Manage multiline banners on Cisco IOS X...
iosxr_bgp                                                     Configure global BGP protocol settings ...
iosxr_command                                                 Run commands on remote devices running ...
iosxr_config                                                  Manage Cisco IOS XR configuration secti...
iosxr_facts                                                   Get facts about iosxr devices          
iosxr_interface                                               Manage Interface on Cisco IOS XR networ...
iosxr_interfaces                                              Manage interface attributes on Cisco IO...
iosxr_l2_interfaces                                           Manage Layer-2 interface on Cisco IOS-X...
iosxr_l3_interfaces                                           Manage Layer-3 interface on Cisco IOS-X...
iosxr_lacp                                                    Manage Global Link Aggregation Control ...
iosxr_lacp_interfaces                                         Manage Link Aggregation Control Protoco...
iosxr_lag_interfaces                                          Manages attributes of LAG/Ether-Bundle ...
iosxr_lldp_global                                             Manage Global Link Layer Discovery Prot...
iosxr_lldp_interfaces                                         Manage Link Layer Discovery Protocol (L...
iosxr_logging                                                 Configuration management of system logg...
iosxr_netconf                                                 Configures NetConf sub-system service o...
iosxr_system                                                  Manage the system attributes on Cisco I...
iosxr_user                                                    Manage the aggregate of local users on ...
ip_netns                                                      Manage network namespaces              
ipa_config                                                    Manage Global FreeIPA Configuration Set...
ipa_dnsrecord                                                 Manage FreeIPA DNS records             
ipa_dnszone                                                   Manage FreeIPA DNS Zones               
ipa_group                                                     Manage FreeIPA group                   
ipa_hbacrule                                                  Manage FreeIPA HBAC rule               
ipa_host                                                      Manage FreeIPA host                    
ipa_hostgroup                                                 Manage FreeIPA host-group              
ipa_role                                                      Manage FreeIPA role                    
ipa_service                                                   Manage FreeIPA service                 
ipa_subca                                                     Manage FreeIPA Lightweight Sub Certific...
ipa_sudocmd                                                   Manage FreeIPA sudo command            
ipa_sudocmdgroup                                              Manage FreeIPA sudo command group      
ipa_sudorule                                                  Manage FreeIPA sudo rule               
ipa_user                                                      Manage FreeIPA users                   
ipa_vault                                                     Manage FreeIPA vaults                  
ipadm_addr                                                    Manage IP addresses on an interface on ...
ipadm_addrprop                                                Manage IP address properties on Solaris...
ipadm_if                                                      Manage IP interfaces  on Solaris/illumo...
ipadm_ifprop                                                  Manage IP interface properties on Solar...
ipadm_prop                                                    Manage protocol properties on Solaris/i...
ipify_facts                                                   Retrieve the public IP of your internet...
ipinfoio_facts                                                Retrieve IP geolocation facts of a host...
ipmi_boot                                                     Management of order of boot devices    
ipmi_power                                                    Power management for machine           
iptables                                                      Modify iptables rules                  
irc                                                           Send a message to an IRC channel       
ironware_command                                              Run arbitrary commands on Extreme IronW...
ironware_config                                               Manage configuration sections on Extrem...
ironware_facts                                                Collect facts from devices running Extr...
iso_extract                                                   Extract files from an ISO image        
jabber                                                        Send a message to jabber user or chat r...
java_cert                                                     Uses keytool to import/remove key from ...
java_keystore                                                 Create or delete a Java keystore in JKS...
jboss                                                         Deploy applications to JBoss           
jenkins_job                                                   Manage jenkins jobs                    
jenkins_job_info                                              Get information about Jenkins jobs     
jenkins_plugin                                                Add or remove Jenkins plugin           
jenkins_script                                                Executes a groovy script in the jenkins...
jira                                                          create and modify issues in a JIRA inst...
junos_banner                                                  Manage multiline banners on Juniper JUN...
junos_command                                                 Run arbitrary commands on an Juniper JU...
junos_config                                                  Manage configuration on devices running...
junos_facts                                                   Collect facts from remote devices runni...
junos_interface                                               Manage Interface on Juniper JUNOS netwo...
junos_interfaces                                              Manages interface attributes of Juniper...
junos_l2_interface                                            Manage Layer-2 interface on Juniper JUN...
junos_l2_interfaces                                           Manage Layer-2 interface on Juniper JUN...
junos_l3_interface                                            Manage L3 interfaces on Juniper JUNOS n...
junos_l3_interfaces                                           Manage Layer 3 interface on Juniper JUN...
junos_lacp                                                    Manage Global Link Aggregation Control ...
junos_lacp_interfaces                                         Manage Link Aggregation Control Protoco...
junos_lag_interfaces                                          Manage Link Aggregation on Juniper JUNO...
junos_linkagg                                                 Manage link aggregation groups on Junip...
junos_lldp                                                    Manage LLDP configuration on Juniper JU...
junos_lldp_global                                             Manage link layer discovery protocol (L...
junos_lldp_interface                                          Manage LLDP interfaces configuration on...
junos_lldp_interfaces                                         Manage link layer discovery protocol (L...
junos_logging                                                 Manage logging on network devices      
junos_netconf                                                 Configures the Junos Netconf system ser...
junos_package                                                 Installs packages on remote devices run...
junos_ping                                                    Tests reachability using ping from devi...
junos_rpc                                                     Runs an arbitrary RPC over NetConf on a...
junos_scp                                                     Transfer files from or to remote device...
junos_static_route                                            Manage static IP routes on Juniper JUNO...
junos_system                                                  Manage the system attributes on Juniper...
junos_user                                                    Manage local user accounts on Juniper J...
junos_vlan                                                    Manage VLANs on Juniper JUNOS network d...
junos_vlans                                                   Create and manage VLAN configurations o...
junos_vrf                                                     Manage the VRF definitions on Juniper J...
k8s                                                           Manage Kubernetes (K8s) objects        
k8s_auth                                                      Authenticate to Kubernetes clusters whi...
k8s_info                                                      Describe Kubernetes (K8s) objects      
k8s_scale                                                     Set a new size for a Deployment, Replic...
k8s_service                                                   Manage Services on Kubernetes          
katello                                                       Manage Katello Resources               
kernel_blacklist                                              Blacklist kernel modules               
keycloak_client                                               Allows administration of Keycloak clien...
keycloak_clienttemplate                                       Allows administration of Keycloak clien...
keycloak_group                                                Allows administration of Keycloak group...
kibana_plugin                                                 Manage Kibana plugins                  
kinesis_stream                                                Manage a Kinesis Stream                
known_hosts                                                   Add or remove a host from the `known_ho...
kubevirt_cdi_upload                                           Upload local VM images to CDI Upload Pr...
kubevirt_preset                                               Manage KubeVirt virtual machine presets
kubevirt_pvc                                                  Manage PVCs on Kubernetes              
kubevirt_rs                                                   Manage KubeVirt virtual machine replica...
kubevirt_template                                             Manage KubeVirt templates              
kubevirt_vm                                                   Manage KubeVirt virtual machine        
lambda                                                        Manage AWS Lambda functions            
lambda_alias                                                  Creates, updates or deletes AWS Lambda ...
lambda_event                                                  Creates, updates or deletes AWS Lambda ...
lambda_facts                                                  Gathers AWS Lambda function details as ...
lambda_info                                                   Gathers AWS Lambda function details    
lambda_policy                                                 Creates, updates or deletes AWS Lambda ...
layman                                                        Manage Gentoo overlays                 
ldap_attr                                                     Add or remove LDAP attribute values    
ldap_entry                                                    Add or remove LDAP entries             
ldap_passwd                                                   Set passwords in LDAP                  
librato_annotation                                            create an annotation in librato        
lightsail                                                     Create or delete a virtual machine inst...
lineinfile                                                    Manage lines in text files             
linode                                                        Manage instances on the Linode Public C...
linode_v4                                                     Manage instances on the Linode cloud   
listen_ports_facts                                            Gather facts on processes listening on ...
lldp                                                          get details reported by lldp           
locale_gen                                                    Creates or removes locales             
logentries                                                    Module for tracking logs via logentries...
logentries_msg                                                Send a message to logentries           
logicmonitor                                                  Manage your LogicMonitor account throug...
logicmonitor_facts                                            Collect facts about LogicMonitor object...
logstash_plugin                                               Manage Logstash plugins                
luks_device                                                   Manage encrypted (LUKS) devices        
lvg                                                           Configure LVM volume groups            
lvol                                                          Configure LVM logical volumes          
lxc_container                                                 Manage LXC Containers                  
lxca_cmms                                                     Custom module for lxca cmms inventory u...
lxca_nodes                                                    Custom module for lxca nodes inventory ...
lxd_container                                                 Manage LXD Containers                  
lxd_profile                                                   Manage LXD profiles                    
macports                                                      Package manager for MacPorts           
mail                                                          Send an email                          
make                                                          Run targets in a Makefile              
manageiq_alert_profiles                                       Configuration of alert profiles for Man...
manageiq_alerts                                               Configuration of alerts in ManageIQ    
manageiq_group                                                Management of groups in ManageIQ       
manageiq_policies                                             Management of resource policy_profiles ...
manageiq_provider                                             Management of provider in ManageIQ     
manageiq_tags                                                 Management of resource tags in ManageIQ
manageiq_tenant                                               Management of tenants in ManageIQ      
manageiq_user                                                 Management of users in ManageIQ        
matrix                                                        Send notifications to matrix           
mattermost                                                    Send Mattermost notifications          
maven_artifact                                                Downloads an Artifact from a Maven Repo...
memset_dns_reload                                             Request reload of Memset's DNS infrastr...
memset_memstore_info                                          Retrieve Memstore product usage informa...
memset_server_info                                            Retrieve server information            
memset_zone                                                   Creates and deletes Memset DNS zones   
memset_zone_domain                                            Create and delete domains in Memset DNS...
memset_zone_record                                            Create and delete records in Memset DNS...
meraki_admin                                                  Manage administrators in the Meraki clo...
meraki_config_template                                        Manage configuration templates in the M...
meraki_content_filtering                                      Edit Meraki MX content filtering polici...
meraki_device                                                 Manage devices in the Meraki cloud     
meraki_firewalled_services                                    Edit firewall policies for administrati...
meraki_malware                                                Manage Malware Protection in the Meraki...
meraki_mr_l3_firewall                                         Manage MR access point layer 3 firewall...
meraki_mx_l3_firewall                                         Manage MX appliance layer 3 firewalls i...
meraki_mx_l7_firewall                                         Manage MX appliance layer 7 firewalls i...
meraki_nat                                                    Manage NAT rules in Meraki cloud       
meraki_network                                                Manage networks in the Meraki cloud    
meraki_organization                                           Manage organizations in the Meraki clou...
meraki_snmp                                                   Manage organizations in the Meraki clou...
meraki_ssid                                                   Manage wireless SSIDs in the Meraki clo...
meraki_static_route                                           Manage static routes in the Meraki clou...
meraki_switchport                                             Manage switchports on a switch in the M...
meraki_syslog                                                 Manage syslog server settings in the Me...
meraki_vlan                                                   Manage VLANs in the Meraki cloud       
meraki_webhook                                                Manage webhooks configured in the Merak...
meta                                                          Execute Ansible 'actions'              
mksysb                                                        Generates AIX mksysb rootvg backups    
modprobe                                                      Load or unload kernel modules          
mongodb_parameter                                             Change an administrative parameter on a...
mongodb_replicaset                                            Initialises a MongoDB replicaset       
mongodb_shard                                                 Add and remove shards from a MongoDB Cl...
mongodb_user                                                  Adds or removes a user from a MongoDB d...
monit                                                         Manage the state of a program monitored...
mount                                                         Control active and configured mount poi...
mqtt                                                          Publish a message on an MQTT topic for ...
mso_label                                                     Manage labels                          
mso_role                                                      Manage roles                           
mso_schema                                                    Manage schemas                         
mso_schema_site                                               Manage sites in schemas                
mso_schema_site_anp                                           Manage site-local Application Network P...
mso_schema_site_anp_epg                                       Manage site-local Endpoint Groups (EPGs...
mso_schema_site_anp_epg_domain                                Manage site-local EPG domains in schema...
mso_schema_site_anp_epg_staticleaf                            Manage site-local EPG static leafs in s...
mso_schema_site_anp_epg_staticport                            Manage site-local EPG static ports in s...
mso_schema_site_anp_epg_subnet                                Manage site-local EPG subnets in schema...
mso_schema_site_bd                                            Manage site-local Bridge Domains (BDs) ...
mso_schema_site_bd_l3out                                      Manage site-local BD l3out's in schema ...
mso_schema_site_bd_subnet                                     Manage site-local BD subnets in schema ...
mso_schema_site_vrf                                           Manage site-local VRFs in schema templa...
mso_schema_site_vrf_region                                    Manage site-local VRF regions in schema...
mso_schema_site_vrf_region_cidr                               Manage site-local VRF region CIDRs in s...
mso_schema_site_vrf_region_cidr_subnet                        Manage site-local VRF regions in schema...
mso_schema_template                                           Manage templates in schemas            
mso_schema_template_anp                                       Manage Application Network Profiles (AN...
mso_schema_template_anp_epg                                   Manage Endpoint Groups (EPGs) in schema...
mso_schema_template_anp_epg_contract                          Manage EPG contracts in schema template...
mso_schema_template_anp_epg_subnet                            Manage EPG subnets in schema templates 
mso_schema_template_bd                                        Manage Bridge Domains (BDs) in schema t...
mso_schema_template_bd_subnet                                 Manage BD subnets in schema templates  
mso_schema_template_contract_filter                           Manage contract filters in schema templ...
mso_schema_template_deploy                                    Deploy schema templates to sites       
mso_schema_template_externalepg                               Manage external EPGs in schema template...
mso_schema_template_filter_entry                              Manage filter entries in schema templat...
mso_schema_template_l3out                                     Manage l3outs in schema templates      
mso_schema_template_vrf                                       Manage VRFs in schema templates        
mso_site                                                      Manage sites                           
mso_tenant                                                    Manage tenants                         
mso_user                                                      Manage users                           
mssql_db                                                      Add or remove MSSQL databases from a re...
mysql_db                                                      Add or remove MySQL databases from a re...
mysql_info                                                    Gather information about MySQL servers 
mysql_replication                                             Manage MySQL replication               
mysql_user                                                    Adds or removes a user from a MySQL dat...
mysql_variables                                               Manage MySQL global variables          
na_cdot_aggregate                                             Manage NetApp cDOT aggregates          
na_cdot_license                                               Manage NetApp cDOT protocol and feature...
na_cdot_lun                                                   Manage  NetApp cDOT luns               
na_cdot_qtree                                                 Manage qtrees                          
na_cdot_svm                                                   Manage NetApp cDOT svm                 
na_cdot_user                                                  useradmin configuration and management 
na_cdot_user_role                                             useradmin configuration and management 
na_cdot_volume                                                Manage NetApp cDOT volumes             
na_elementsw_access_group                                     NetApp Element Software Manage Access G...
na_elementsw_account                                          NetApp Element Software Manage Accounts
na_elementsw_admin_users                                      NetApp Element Software Manage Admin Us...
na_elementsw_backup                                           NetApp Element Software Create Backups 
na_elementsw_check_connections                                NetApp Element Software Check connectiv...
na_elementsw_cluster                                          NetApp Element Software Create Cluster 
na_elementsw_cluster_config                                   Configure Element SW Cluster           
na_elementsw_cluster_pair                                     NetApp Element Software Manage Cluster ...
na_elementsw_cluster_snmp                                     Configure Element SW Cluster SNMP      
na_elementsw_drive                                            NetApp Element Software Manage Node Dri...
na_elementsw_initiators                                       Manage Element SW initiators           
na_elementsw_ldap                                             NetApp Element Software Manage ldap adm...
na_elementsw_network_interfaces                               NetApp Element Software Configure Node ...
na_elementsw_node                                             NetApp Element Software Node Operation 
na_elementsw_snapshot                                         NetApp Element Software Manage Snapshot...
na_elementsw_snapshot_restore                                 NetApp Element Software Restore Snapsho...
na_elementsw_snapshot_schedule                                NetApp Element Software Snapshot Schedu...
na_elementsw_vlan                                             NetApp Element Software Manage VLAN    
na_elementsw_volume                                           NetApp Element Software Manage Volumes 
na_elementsw_volume_clone                                     NetApp Element Software Create Volume C...
na_elementsw_volume_pair                                      NetApp Element Software Volume Pair    
na_ontap_aggregate                                            NetApp ONTAP manage aggregates         
na_ontap_autosupport                                          NetApp ONTAP Autosupport               
na_ontap_broadcast_domain                                     NetApp ONTAP manage broadcast domains  
na_ontap_broadcast_domain_ports                               NetApp ONTAP manage broadcast domain po...
na_ontap_cg_snapshot                                          NetApp ONTAP manage consistency group s...
na_ontap_cifs                                                 NetApp ONTAP Manage cifs-share         
na_ontap_cifs_acl                                             NetApp ONTAP manage cifs-share-access-c...
na_ontap_cifs_server                                          NetApp ONTAP CIFS server configuration 
na_ontap_cluster                                              NetApp ONTAP cluster - create, join, ad...
na_ontap_cluster_ha                                           NetApp ONTAP Manage HA status for clust...
na_ontap_cluster_peer                                         NetApp ONTAP Manage Cluster peering    
na_ontap_command                                              NetApp ONTAP Run any cli command, the u...
na_ontap_disks                                                NetApp ONTAP Assign disks to nodes     
na_ontap_dns                                                  NetApp ONTAP Create, delete, modify DNS...
na_ontap_export_policy                                        NetApp ONTAP manage export-policy      
na_ontap_export_policy_rule                                   NetApp ONTAP manage export policy rules
na_ontap_fcp                                                  NetApp ONTAP Start, Stop and Enable FCP...
na_ontap_firewall_policy                                      NetApp ONTAP Manage a firewall policy  
na_ontap_firmware_upgrade                                     NetApp ONTAP firmware upgrade for SP, s...
na_ontap_flexcache                                            NetApp ONTAP FlexCache - create/delete ...
na_ontap_gather_facts                                         NetApp information gatherer            
na_ontap_igroup                                               NetApp ONTAP iSCSI or FC igroup configu...
na_ontap_igroup_initiator                                     NetApp ONTAP igroup initiator configura...
na_ontap_info                                                 NetApp information gatherer            
na_ontap_interface                                            NetApp ONTAP LIF configuration         
na_ontap_ipspace                                              NetApp ONTAP Manage an ipspace         
na_ontap_iscsi                                                NetApp ONTAP manage iSCSI service      
na_ontap_job_schedule                                         NetApp ONTAP Job Schedule              
na_ontap_kerberos_realm                                       NetApp ONTAP vserver nfs kerberos realm
na_ontap_ldap                                                 NetApp ONTAP LDAP                      
na_ontap_ldap_client                                          NetApp ONTAP LDAP client               
na_ontap_license                                              NetApp ONTAP protocol and feature licen...
na_ontap_lun                                                  NetApp ONTAP manage LUNs               
na_ontap_lun_copy                                             NetApp ONTAP copy LUNs                 
na_ontap_lun_map                                              NetApp ONTAP LUN maps                  
na_ontap_motd                                                 Setup motd                             
na_ontap_ndmp                                                 NetApp ONTAP NDMP services configuratio...
na_ontap_net_ifgrp                                            NetApp Ontap modify network interface g...
na_ontap_net_port                                             NetApp ONTAP network ports             
na_ontap_net_routes                                           NetApp ONTAP network routes            
na_ontap_net_subnet                                           NetApp ONTAP Create, delete, modify net...
na_ontap_net_vlan                                             NetApp ONTAP network VLAN              
na_ontap_nfs                                                  NetApp ONTAP NFS status                
na_ontap_node                                                 NetApp ONTAP Rename a node             
na_ontap_ntp                                                  NetApp ONTAP NTP server                
na_ontap_nvme                                                 NetApp ONTAP Manage NVMe Service       
na_ontap_nvme_namespace                                       NetApp ONTAP Manage NVME Namespace     
na_ontap_nvme_subsystem                                       NetApp ONTAP Manage NVME Subsystem     
na_ontap_object_store                                         NetApp ONTAP manage object store config
na_ontap_ports                                                NetApp ONTAP add/remove ports          
na_ontap_portset                                              NetApp ONTAP Create/Delete portset     
na_ontap_qos_adaptive_policy_group                            NetApp ONTAP Adaptive Quality of Servic...
na_ontap_qos_policy_group                                     NetApp ONTAP manage policy group in Qua...
na_ontap_qtree                                                NetApp ONTAP manage qtrees             
na_ontap_quotas                                               NetApp ONTAP Quotas                    
na_ontap_security_key_manager                                 NetApp ONTAP security key manager      
na_ontap_service_processor_network                            NetApp ONTAP service processor network 
na_ontap_snapmirror                                           NetApp ONTAP or ElementSW Manage SnapMi...
na_ontap_snapshot                                             NetApp ONTAP manage Snapshots          
na_ontap_snapshot_policy                                      NetApp ONTAP manage Snapshot Policy    
na_ontap_snmp                                                 NetApp ONTAP SNMP community            
na_ontap_software_update                                      NetApp ONTAP Update Software           
na_ontap_svm                                                  NetApp ONTAP SVM                       
na_ontap_svm_options                                          NetApp ONTAP Modify SVM Options        
na_ontap_ucadapter                                            NetApp ONTAP UC adapter configuration  
na_ontap_unix_group                                           NetApp ONTAP UNIX Group                
na_ontap_unix_user                                            NetApp ONTAP UNIX users                
na_ontap_user                                                 NetApp ONTAP user configuration and man...
na_ontap_user_role                                            NetApp ONTAP user role configuration an...
na_ontap_volume                                               NetApp ONTAP manage volumes            
na_ontap_volume_autosize                                      NetApp ONTAP manage volume autosize    
na_ontap_volume_clone                                         NetApp ONTAP manage volume clones      
na_ontap_vscan                                                NetApp ONTAP Vscan enable/disable      
na_ontap_vscan_on_access_policy                               NetApp ONTAP Vscan on access policy con...
na_ontap_vscan_on_demand_task                                 NetApp ONTAP Vscan on demand task confi...
na_ontap_vscan_scanner_pool                                   NetApp ONTAP Vscan Scanner Pools Config...
na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security                                NetApp ONTAP vserver CIFS security modi...
na_ontap_vserver_peer                                         NetApp ONTAP Vserver peering           
nagios                                                        Perform common tasks in Nagios related ...
nclu                                                          Configure network interfaces using NCLU
net_banner                                                    Manage multiline banners on network dev...
net_get                                                       Copy a file from a network device to An...
net_interface                                                 Manage Interface on network devices    
net_l2_interface                                              Manage Layer-2 interface on network dev...
net_l3_interface                                              Manage L3 interfaces on network devices
net_linkagg                                                   Manage link aggregation groups on netwo...
net_lldp                                                      Manage LLDP service configuration on ne...
net_lldp_interface                                            Manage LLDP interfaces configuration on...
net_logging                                                   Manage logging on network devices      
net_ping                                                      Tests reachability using ping from a ne...
net_put                                                       Copy a file from Ansible Controller to ...
net_static_route                                              Manage static IP routes on network appl...
net_system                                                    Manage the system attributes on network...
net_user                                                      Manage the aggregate of local users on ...
net_vlan                                                      Manage VLANs on network devices        
net_vrf                                                       Manage VRFs on network devices         
netact_cm_command                                             Manage network configuration data in No...
netapp_e_alerts                                               NetApp E-Series manage email notificati...
netapp_e_amg                                                  NetApp E-Series create, remove, and upd...
netapp_e_amg_role                                             NetApp E-Series update the role of a st...
netapp_e_amg_sync                                             NetApp E-Series conduct synchronization...
netapp_e_asup                                                 NetApp E-Series manage auto-support set...
netapp_e_auditlog                                             NetApp E-Series manage audit-log config...
netapp_e_auth                                                 NetApp E-Series set or update the passw...
netapp_e_drive_firmware                                       NetApp E-Series manage drive firmware  
netapp_e_facts                                                NetApp E-Series retrieve facts about Ne...
netapp_e_firmware                                             NetApp E-Series manage firmware        
netapp_e_flashcache                                           NetApp E-Series manage SSD caches      
netapp_e_global                                               NetApp E-Series manage global settings ...
netapp_e_host                                                 NetApp E-Series manage eseries hosts   
netapp_e_hostgroup                                            NetApp E-Series manage array host group...
netapp_e_iscsi_interface                                      NetApp E-Series manage iSCSI interface ...
netapp_e_iscsi_target                                         NetApp E-Series manage iSCSI target con...
netapp_e_ldap                                                 NetApp E-Series manage LDAP integration...
netapp_e_lun_mapping                                          NetApp E-Series create, delete, or modi...
netapp_e_mgmt_interface                                       NetApp E-Series management interface co...
netapp_e_snapshot_group                                       NetApp E-Series manage snapshot groups 
netapp_e_snapshot_images                                      NetApp E-Series create and delete snaps...
netapp_e_snapshot_volume                                      NetApp E-Series manage snapshot volumes
netapp_e_storage_system                                       NetApp E-Series Web Services Proxy mana...
netapp_e_storagepool                                          NetApp E-Series manage volume groups an...
netapp_e_syslog                                               NetApp E-Series manage syslog settings 
netapp_e_volume                                               NetApp E-Series manage storage volumes ...
netapp_e_volume_copy                                          NetApp E-Series create volume copy pair...
netbox_device                                                 Create, update or delete devices within...
netbox_interface                                              Creates or removes interfaces from Netb...
netbox_ip_address                                             Creates or removes IP addresses from Ne...
netbox_prefix                                                 Creates or removes prefixes from Netbox
netbox_site                                                   Creates or removes sites from Netbox   
netconf_config                                                netconf device configuration           
netconf_get                                                   Fetch configuration/state data from NET...
netconf_rpc                                                   Execute operations on NETCONF enabled n...
netcup_dns                                                    manage Netcup DNS records              
netscaler_cs_action                                           Manage content switching actions       
netscaler_cs_policy                                           Manage content switching policy        
netscaler_cs_vserver                                          Manage content switching vserver       
netscaler_gslb_service                                        Manage gslb service entities in Netscal...
netscaler_gslb_site                                           Manage gslb site entities in Netscaler 
netscaler_gslb_vserver                                        Configure gslb vserver entities in Nets...
netscaler_lb_monitor                                          Manage load balancing monitors         
netscaler_lb_vserver                                          Manage load balancing vserver configura...
netscaler_nitro_request                                       Issue Nitro API requests to a Netscaler...
netscaler_save_config                                         Save Netscaler configuration           
netscaler_server                                              Manage server configuration            
netscaler_service                                             Manage service configuration in Netscal...
netscaler_servicegroup                                        Manage service group configuration in N...
netscaler_ssl_certkey                                         Manage ssl certificate keys            
newrelic_deployment                                           Notify newrelic about app deployments  
nexmo                                                         Send a SMS via nexmo                   
nginx_status_facts                                            Retrieve nginx status facts            
nginx_status_info                                             Retrieve information on nginx status   
nictagadm                                                     Manage nic tags on SmartOS systems     
nios_a_record                                                 Configure Infoblox NIOS A records      
nios_aaaa_record                                              Configure Infoblox NIOS AAAA records   
nios_cname_record                                             Configure Infoblox NIOS CNAME records  
nios_dns_view                                                 Configure Infoblox NIOS DNS views      
nios_fixed_address                                            Configure Infoblox NIOS DHCP Fixed Addr...
nios_host_record                                              Configure Infoblox NIOS host records   
nios_member                                                   Configure Infoblox NIOS members        
nios_mx_record                                                Configure Infoblox NIOS MX records     
nios_naptr_record                                             Configure Infoblox NIOS NAPTR records  
nios_network                                                  Configure Infoblox NIOS network object 
nios_network_view                                             Configure Infoblox NIOS network views  
nios_nsgroup                                                  Configure InfoBlox DNS Nameserver Group...
nios_ptr_record                                               Configure Infoblox NIOS PTR records    
nios_srv_record                                               Configure Infoblox NIOS SRV records    
nios_txt_record                                               Configure Infoblox NIOS txt records    
nios_zone                                                     Configure Infoblox NIOS DNS zones      
nmcli                                                         Manage Networking                      
nos_command                                                   Run commands on remote devices running ...
nos_config                                                    Manage Extreme Networks NOS configurati...
nos_facts                                                     Collect facts from devices running Extr...
nosh                                                          Manage services with nosh              
npm                                                           Manage node.js packages with npm       
nso_action                                                    Executes Cisco NSO actions and verifies...
nso_config                                                    Manage Cisco NSO configuration and serv...
nso_query                                                     Query data from Cisco NSO              
nso_show                                                      Displays data from Cisco NSO           
nso_verify                                                    Verifies Cisco NSO configuration       
nsupdate                                                      Manage DNS records                     
nuage_vspk                                                    Manage Nuage VSP environments          
nxos_aaa_server                                               Manages AAA server global configuration
nxos_aaa_server_host                                          Manages AAA server host-specific config...
nxos_acl                                                      Manages access list entries for ACLs   
nxos_acl_interface                                            Manages applying ACLs to interfaces    
nxos_banner                                                   Manage multiline banners on Cisco NXOS ...
nxos_bfd_global                                               Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD...
nxos_bfd_interfaces                                           Manages BFD attributes of nxos interfac...
nxos_bgp                                                      Manages BGP configuration              
nxos_bgp_af                                                   Manages BGP Address-family configuratio...
nxos_bgp_neighbor                                             Manages BGP neighbors configurations   
nxos_bgp_neighbor_af                                          Manages BGP address-family's neighbors ...
nxos_command                                                  Run arbitrary command on Cisco NXOS dev...
nxos_config                                                   Manage Cisco NXOS configuration section...
nxos_evpn_global                                              Handles the EVPN control plane for VXLA...
nxos_evpn_vni                                                 Manages Cisco EVPN VXLAN Network Identi...
nxos_facts                                                    Gets facts about NX-OS switches        
nxos_feature                                                  Manage features in NX-OS switches      
nxos_file_copy                                                Copy a file to a remote NXOS device    
nxos_gir                                                      Trigger a graceful removal or insertion...
nxos_gir_profile_management                                   Create a maintenance-mode or normal-mod...
nxos_hsrp                                                     Manages HSRP configuration on NX-OS swi...
nxos_igmp                                                     Manages IGMP global configuration      
nxos_igmp_interface                                           Manages IGMP interface configuration   
nxos_igmp_snooping                                            Manages IGMP snooping global configurat...
nxos_install_os                                               Set boot options like boot, kickstart i...
nxos_interface                                                Manages physical attributes of interfac...
nxos_interface_ospf                                           Manages configuration of an OSPF interf...
nxos_interfaces                                               Manages interface attributes of NX-OS I...
nxos_l2_interface                                             Manage Layer-2 interface on Cisco NXOS ...
nxos_l2_interfaces                                            Manages Layer-2 Interfaces attributes o...
nxos_l3_interface                                             Manage L3 interfaces on Cisco NXOS netw...
nxos_l3_interfaces                                            Manages Layer-3 Interfaces attributes o...
nxos_lacp                                                     Manage Global Link Aggregation Control ...
nxos_lacp_interfaces                                          Manage Link Aggregation Control Protoco...
nxos_lag_interfaces                                           Manages link aggregation groups of NX-O...
nxos_linkagg                                                  Manage link aggregation groups on Cisco...
nxos_lldp                                                     Manage LLDP configuration on Cisco NXOS...
nxos_lldp_global                                              Configure and manage Link Layer Discove...
nxos_logging                                                  Manage logging on network devices      
nxos_ntp                                                      Manages core NTP configuration         
nxos_ntp_auth                                                 Manages NTP authentication             
nxos_ntp_options                                              Manages NTP options                    
nxos_nxapi                                                    Manage NXAPI configuration on an NXOS d...
nxos_ospf                                                     Manages configuration of an ospf instan...
nxos_ospf_vrf                                                 Manages a VRF for an OSPF router       
nxos_overlay_global                                           Configures anycast gateway MAC of the s...
nxos_pim                                                      Manages configuration of a PIM instance
nxos_pim_interface                                            Manages PIM interface configuration    
nxos_pim_rp_address                                           Manages configuration of an PIM static ...
nxos_ping                                                     Tests reachability using ping from Nexu...
nxos_reboot                                                   Reboot a network device                
nxos_rollback                                                 Set a checkpoint or rollback to a check...
nxos_rpm                                                      Install patch or feature rpms on Cisco ...
nxos_smu                                                      Perform SMUs on Cisco NX-OS devices    
nxos_snapshot                                                 Manage snapshots of the running states ...
nxos_snmp_community                                           Manages SNMP community configs         
nxos_snmp_contact                                             Manages SNMP contact info              
nxos_snmp_host                                                Manages SNMP host configuration        
nxos_snmp_location                                            Manages SNMP location information      
nxos_snmp_traps                                               Manages SNMP traps                     
nxos_snmp_user                                                Manages SNMP users for monitoring      
nxos_static_route                                             Manages static route configuration     
nxos_system                                                   Manage the system attributes on Cisco N...
nxos_telemetry                                                Telemetry Monitoring Service (TMS) conf...
nxos_udld                                                     Manages UDLD global configuration param...
nxos_udld_interface                                           Manages UDLD interface configuration pa...
nxos_user                                                     Manage the collection of local users on...
nxos_vlan                                                     Manages VLAN resources and attributes  
nxos_vlans                                                    Create VLAN and manage VLAN configurati...
nxos_vpc                                                      Manages global VPC configuration       
nxos_vpc_interface                                            Manages interface VPC configuration    
nxos_vrf                                                      Manages global VRF configuration       
nxos_vrf_af                                                   Manages VRF AF                         
nxos_vrf_interface                                            Manages interface specific VRF configur...
nxos_vrrp                                                     Manages VRRP configuration on NX-OS swi...
nxos_vtp_domain                                               Manages VTP domain configuration       
nxos_vtp_password                                             Manages VTP password configuration     
nxos_vtp_version                                              Manages VTP version configuration      
nxos_vxlan_vtep                                               Manages VXLAN Network Virtualization En...
nxos_vxlan_vtep_vni                                           Creates a Virtual Network Identifier me...
oci_vcn                                                       Manage Virtual Cloud Networks(VCN) in O...
office_365_connector_card                                     Use webhooks to create Connector Card m...
ohai                                                          Returns inventory data from `Ohai'     
omapi_host                                                    Setup OMAPI hosts                      
ome_device_info                                               Retrieves the information about Device 
one_host                                                      Manages OpenNebula Hosts               
one_image                                                     Manages OpenNebula images              
one_image_info                                                Gather information on OpenNebula images
one_service                                                   Deploy and manage OpenNebula services  
one_vm                                                        Creates or terminates OpenNebula instan...
oneandone_firewall_policy                                     Configure 1&1 firewall policy          
oneandone_load_balancer                                       Configure 1&1 load balancer            
oneandone_monitoring_policy                                   Configure 1&1 monitoring policy        
oneandone_private_network                                     Configure 1&1 private networking       
oneandone_public_ip                                           Configure 1&1 public IPs               
oneandone_server                                              Create, destroy, start, stop, and reboo...
onepassword_info                                              Gather items from 1Password            
oneview_datacenter_info                                       Retrieve information about the OneView ...
oneview_enclosure_info                                        Retrieve information about one or more ...
oneview_ethernet_network                                      Manage OneView Ethernet Network resourc...
oneview_ethernet_network_info                                 Retrieve the information about one or m...
oneview_fc_network                                            Manage OneView Fibre Channel Network re...
oneview_fc_network_info                                       Retrieve the information about one or m...
oneview_fcoe_network                                          Manage OneView FCoE Network resources  
oneview_fcoe_network_info                                     Retrieve the information about one or m...
oneview_logical_interconnect_group                            Manage OneView Logical Interconnect Gro...
oneview_logical_interconnect_group_info                       Retrieve information about one or more ...
oneview_network_set                                           Manage HPE OneView Network Set resource...
oneview_network_set_info                                      Retrieve information about the OneView ...
oneview_san_manager                                           Manage OneView SAN Manager resources   
oneview_san_manager_info                                      Retrieve information about one or more ...
online_server_facts                                           Gather facts about Online servers      
online_server_info                                            Gather information about Online servers
online_user_facts                                             Gather facts about Online user         
online_user_info                                              Gather information about Online user   
onyx_bgp                                                      Configures BGP on Mellanox ONYX network...
onyx_buffer_pool                                              Configures Buffer Pool                 
onyx_command                                                  Run commands on remote devices running ...
onyx_config                                                   Manage Mellanox ONYX configuration sect...
onyx_facts                                                    Collect facts from Mellanox ONYX networ...
onyx_igmp                                                     Configures IGMP global parameters      
onyx_igmp_interface                                           Configures IGMP interface parameters   
onyx_igmp_vlan                                                Configures IGMP Vlan parameters        
onyx_interface                                                Manage Interfaces on Mellanox ONYX netw...
onyx_l2_interface                                             Manage Layer-2 interface on Mellanox ON...
onyx_l3_interface                                             Manage L3 interfaces on Mellanox ONYX n...
onyx_linkagg                                                  Manage link aggregation groups on Mella...
onyx_lldp                                                     Manage LLDP configuration on Mellanox O...
onyx_lldp_interface                                           Manage LLDP interfaces configuration on...
onyx_magp                                                     Manage MAGP protocol on Mellanox ONYX n...
onyx_mlag_ipl                                                 Manage IPL (inter-peer link) on Mellano...
onyx_mlag_vip                                                 Configures MLAG VIP on Mellanox ONYX ne...
onyx_ospf                                                     Manage OSPF protocol on Mellanox ONYX n...
onyx_pfc_interface                                            Manage priority flow control on ONYX ne...
onyx_protocol                                                 Enables/Disables protocols on Mellanox ...
onyx_ptp_global                                               Configures PTP Global parameters       
onyx_ptp_interface                                            Configures PTP on interface            
onyx_qos                                                      Configures QoS                         
onyx_traffic_class                                            Configures Traffic Class               
onyx_vlan                                                     Manage VLANs on Mellanox ONYX network d...
onyx_vxlan                                                    Configures Vxlan                       
onyx_wjh                                                      Configure what-just-happend module     
open_iscsi                                                    Manage iSCSI targets with Open-iSCSI   
openbsd_pkg                                                   Manage packages on OpenBSD             
opendj_backendprop                                            Will update the backend configuration o...
openssh_cert                                                  Generate OpenSSH host or user certifica...
openssh_keypair                                               Generate OpenSSH private and public key...
openssl_certificate                                           Generate and/or check OpenSSL certifica...
openssl_certificate_info                                      Provide information of OpenSSL X.509 ce...
openssl_csr                                                   Generate OpenSSL Certificate Signing Re...
openssl_csr_info                                              Provide information of OpenSSL Certific...
openssl_dhparam                                               Generate OpenSSL Diffie-Hellman Paramet...
openssl_pkcs12                                                Generate OpenSSL PKCS#12 archive       
openssl_privatekey                                            Generate OpenSSL private keys          
openssl_privatekey_info                                       Provide information for OpenSSL private...
openssl_publickey                                             Generate an OpenSSL public key from its...
openvswitch_bridge                                            Manage Open vSwitch bridges            
openvswitch_db                                                Configure open vswitch database        
openvswitch_port                                              Manage Open vSwitch ports              
openwrt_init                                                  Manage services on OpenWrt             
opkg                                                          Package manager for OpenWrt            
opx_cps                                                       CPS operations on networking device run...
ordnance_config                                               Manage Ordnance configuration sections 
ordnance_facts                                                Collect facts from Ordnance Virtual Rou...
os_auth                                                       Retrieve an auth token                 
os_client_config                                              Get OpenStack Client config            
os_coe_cluster                                                Add/Remove COE cluster from OpenStack C...
os_coe_cluster_template                                       Add/Remove COE cluster template from Op...
os_flavor_info                                                Retrieve information about one or more ...
os_floating_ip                                                Add/Remove floating IP from an instance
os_group                                                      Manage OpenStack Identity Groups       
os_group_info                                                 Retrieve info about one or more OpenSta...
os_image                                                      Add/Delete images from OpenStack Cloud 
os_image_info                                                 Retrieve information about an image wit...
os_ironic                                                     Create/Delete Bare Metal Resources from...
os_ironic_inspect                                             Explicitly triggers baremetal node intr...
os_ironic_node                                                Activate/Deactivate Bare Metal Resource...
os_keypair                                                    Add/Delete a keypair from OpenStack    
os_keystone_domain                                            Manage OpenStack Identity Domains      
os_keystone_domain_info                                       Retrieve information about one or more ...
os_keystone_endpoint                                          Manage OpenStack Identity service endpo...
os_keystone_role                                              Manage OpenStack Identity Roles        
os_keystone_service                                           Manage OpenStack Identity services     
os_listener                                                   Add/Delete a listener for a load balanc...
os_loadbalancer                                               Add/Delete load balancer from OpenStack...
os_member                                                     Add/Delete a member for a pool in load ...
os_network                                                    Creates/removes networks from OpenStack
os_networks_info                                              Retrieve information about one or more ...
os_nova_flavor                                                Manage OpenStack compute flavors       
os_nova_host_aggregate                                        Manage OpenStack host aggregates       
os_object                                                     Create or Delete objects and containers...
os_pool                                                       Add/Delete a pool in the load balancing...
os_port                                                       Add/Update/Delete ports from an OpenSta...
os_port_info                                                  Retrieve information about ports within...
os_project                                                    Manage OpenStack Projects              
os_project_access                                             Manage OpenStack compute flavors access
os_project_info                                               Retrieve information about one or more ...
os_quota                                                      Manage OpenStack Quotas                
os_recordset                                                  Manage OpenStack DNS recordsets        
os_router                                                     Create or delete routers from OpenStack
os_security_group                                             Add/Delete security groups from an Open...
os_security_group_rule                                        Add/Delete rule from an existing securi...
os_server                                                     Create/Delete Compute Instances from Op...
os_server_action                                              Perform actions on Compute Instances fr...
os_server_group                                               Manage OpenStack server groups         
os_server_info                                                Retrieve information about one or more ...
os_server_metadata                                            Add/Update/Delete Metadata in Compute I...
os_server_volume                                              Attach/Detach Volumes from OpenStack VM...
os_stack                                                      Add/Remove Heat Stack                  
os_subnet                                                     Add/Remove subnet to an OpenStack netwo...
os_subnets_info                                               Retrieve information about one or more ...
os_user                                                       Manage OpenStack Identity Users        
os_user_group                                                 Associate OpenStack Identity users and ...
os_user_info                                                  Retrieve information about one or more ...
os_user_role                                                  Associate OpenStack Identity users and ...
os_volume                                                     Create/Delete Cinder Volumes           
os_volume_snapshot                                            Create/Delete Cinder Volume Snapshots  
os_zone                                                       Manage OpenStack DNS zones             
osx_defaults                                                  Manage macOS user defaults             
ovh_ip_failover                                               Manage OVH IP failover address         
ovh_ip_loadbalancing_backend                                  Manage OVH IP LoadBalancing backends   
ovirt                                                         oVirt/RHEV platform management         
ovirt_affinity_group                                          Module to manage affinity groups in oVi...
ovirt_affinity_label                                          Module to manage affinity labels in oVi...
ovirt_affinity_label_info                                     Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_api_info                                                Retrieve information about the oVirt/RH...
ovirt_auth                                                    Module to manage authentication to oVir...
ovirt_cluster                                                 Module to manage clusters in oVirt/RHV 
ovirt_cluster_info                                            Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_datacenter                                              Module to manage data centers in oVirt/...
ovirt_datacenter_info                                         Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_disk                                                    Module to manage Virtual Machine and fl...
ovirt_disk_info                                               Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_event                                                   Create or delete an event in oVirt/RHV 
ovirt_event_info                                              This module can be used to retrieve inf...
ovirt_external_provider                                       Module to manage external providers in ...
ovirt_external_provider_info                                  Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_group                                                   Module to manage groups in oVirt/RHV   
ovirt_group_info                                              Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_host                                                    Module to manage hosts in oVirt/RHV    
ovirt_host_info                                               Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_host_network                                            Module to manage host networks in oVirt...
ovirt_host_pm                                                 Module to manage power management of ho...
ovirt_host_storage_info                                       Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_instance_type                                           Module to manage Instance Types in oVir...
ovirt_job                                                     Module to manage jobs in oVirt/RHV     
ovirt_mac_pool                                                Module to manage MAC pools in oVirt/RHV
ovirt_network                                                 Module to manage logical networks in oV...
ovirt_network_info                                            Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_nic                                                     Module to manage network interfaces of ...
ovirt_nic_info                                                Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_permission                                              Module to manage permissions of users/g...
ovirt_permission_info                                         Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_quota                                                   Module to manage datacenter quotas in o...
ovirt_quota_info                                              Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_role                                                    Module to manage roles in oVirt/RHV    
ovirt_scheduling_policy_info                                  Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_snapshot                                                Module to manage Virtual Machine Snapsh...
ovirt_snapshot_info                                           Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_storage_connection                                      Module to manage storage connections in...
ovirt_storage_domain                                          Module to manage storage domains in oVi...
ovirt_storage_domain_info                                     Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_storage_template_info                                   Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_storage_vm_info                                         Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_tag                                                     Module to manage tags in oVirt/RHV     
ovirt_tag_info                                                Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_template                                                Module to manage virtual machine templa...
ovirt_template_info                                           Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_user                                                    Module to manage users in oVirt/RHV    
ovirt_user_info                                               Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_vm                                                      Module to manage Virtual Machines in oV...
ovirt_vm_info                                                 Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_vmpool                                                  Module to manage VM pools in oVirt/RHV 
ovirt_vmpool_info                                             Retrieve information about one or more ...
ovirt_vnic_profile                                            Module to manage vNIC profile of networ...
pacemaker_cluster                                             Manage pacemaker clusters              
package                                                       Generic OS package manager             
package_facts                                                 package information as facts           
packet_device                                                 Manage a bare metal server in the Packe...
packet_sshkey                                                 Create/delete an SSH key in Packet host
pacman                                                        Manage packages with `pacman'          
pagerduty                                                     Create PagerDuty maintenance windows   
pagerduty_alert                                               Trigger, acknowledge or resolve PagerDu...
pam_limits                                                    Modify Linux PAM limits                
pamd                                                          Manage PAM Modules                     
panos_admin                                                   Add or modify PAN-OS user accounts pass...
panos_admpwd                                                  change admin password of PAN-OS device ...
panos_cert_gen_ssh                                            generates a self-signed certificate usi...
panos_check                                                   check if PAN-OS device is ready for con...
panos_commit                                                  commit firewall's candidate configurati...
panos_dag                                                     create a dynamic address group         
panos_dag_tags                                                Create tags for DAG's on PAN-OS devices
panos_import                                                  import file on PAN-OS devices          
panos_interface                                               configure data-port network interface f...
panos_lic                                                     apply authcode to a device/instance    
panos_loadcfg                                                 load configuration on PAN-OS device    
panos_match_rule                                              Test for match against a security rule ...
panos_mgtconfig                                               configure management settings of device
panos_nat_rule                                                create a policy NAT rule               
panos_object                                                  create/read/update/delete object in PAN...
panos_op                                                      execute arbitrary OP commands on PANW d...
panos_pg                                                      create a security profiles group       
panos_query_rules                                             PANOS module that allows search for sec...
panos_restart                                                 restart a device                       
panos_sag                                                     Create a static address group          
panos_security_rule                                           Create security rule policy on PAN-OS d...
panos_set                                                     Execute arbitrary commands on a PAN-OS ...
parted                                                        Configure block device partitions      
patch                                                         Apply patch files using the GNU patch t...
pause                                                         Pause playbook execution               
pear                                                          Manage pear/pecl packages              
pids                                                          Retrieves process IDs list if the proce...
ping                                                          Try to connect to host, verify a usable...
pingdom                                                       Pause/unpause Pingdom alerts           
pip                                                           Manages Python library dependencies    
pip_package_info                                              pip package information                
pkg5                                                          Manages packages with the Solaris 11 Im...
pkg5_publisher                                                Manages Solaris 11 Image Packaging Syst...
pkgin                                                         Package manager for SmartOS, NetBSD, et...
pkgng                                                         Package manager for FreeBSD >= 9.0     
pkgutil                                                       Manage CSW-Packages on Solaris         
pn_access_list                                                CLI command to create/delete access-lis...
pn_access_list_ip                                             CLI command to add/remove access-list-i...
pn_admin_service                                              CLI command to modify admin-service    
pn_admin_session_timeout                                      CLI command to modify admin-session-tim...
pn_admin_syslog                                               CLI command to create/modify/delete adm...
pn_cluster                                                    CLI command to create/delete a cluster 
pn_connection_stats_settings                                  CLI command to modify connection-stats-...
pn_cpu_class                                                  CLI command to create/modify/delete cpu...
pn_cpu_mgmt_class                                             CLI command to modify cpu-mgmt-class   
pn_dhcp_filter                                                CLI command to create/modify/delete dhc...
pn_dscp_map                                                   CLI command to create/delete dscp-map  
pn_dscp_map_pri_map                                           CLI command to modify dscp-map-pri-map 
pn_fabric_local                                               CLI command to modify fabric-local     
pn_igmp_snooping                                              CLI command to modify igmp-snooping    
pn_ipv6security_raguard                                       CLI command to create/modify/delete ipv...
pn_ipv6security_raguard_port                                  CLI command to add/remove ipv6security-...
pn_ipv6security_raguard_vlan                                  CLI command to add/remove ipv6security-...
pn_log_audit_exception                                        CLI command to create/delete an audit e...
pn_ospf                                                       CLI command to add/remove ospf protocol...
pn_ospfarea                                                   CLI command to add/remove ospf area to/...
pn_port_config                                                CLI command to modify port-config      
pn_port_cos_bw                                                CLI command to modify port-cos-bw      
pn_port_cos_rate_setting                                      CLI command to modify port-cos-rate-set...
pn_prefix_list                                                CLI command to create/delete prefix-lis...
pn_prefix_list_network                                        CLI command to add/remove prefix-list-n...
pn_role                                                       CLI command to create/delete/modify rol...
pn_show                                                       Run show commands on nvOS device       
pn_snmp_community                                             CLI command to create/modify/delete snm...
pn_snmp_trap_sink                                             CLI command to create/delete snmp-trap-...
pn_snmp_vacm                                                  CLI command to create/modify/delete snm...
pn_stp                                                        CLI command to modify stp              
pn_stp_port                                                   CLI command to modify stp-port         
pn_switch_setup                                               CLI command to modify switch-setup     
pn_trunk                                                      CLI command to create/delete/modify a t...
pn_user                                                       CLI command to create/modify/delete use...
pn_vflow_table_profile                                        CLI command to modify vflow-table-profi...
pn_vlag                                                       CLI command to create/delete/modify vla...
pn_vlan                                                       CLI command to create/delete a VLAN    
pn_vrouter                                                    CLI command to create/delete/modify a v...
pn_vrouter_bgp                                                CLI command to add/modify/remove vroute...
pn_vrouter_bgp_network                                        CLI command to add/remove vrouter-bgp-n...
pn_vrouter_interface_ip                                       CLI command to add/remove vrouter-inter...
pn_vrouter_loopback_interface                                 CLI command to add/remove vrouter-loopb...
pn_vrouter_ospf                                               CLI command to add/remove vrouter-ospf 
pn_vrouter_ospf6                                              CLI command to add/remove vrouter-ospf6
pn_vrouter_packet_relay                                       CLI command to add/remove vrouter-packe...
pn_vrouter_pim_config                                         CLI command to modify vrouter-pim-confi...
pn_vrouterbgp                                                 CLI command to add/remove/modify vroute...
pn_vrouterif                                                  CLI command to add/remove/modify vroute...
pn_vrouterlbif                                                CLI command to add/remove vrouter-loopb...
pn_vtep                                                       CLI command to create/delete vtep      
podman_image                                                  Pull images for use by podman          
podman_image_info                                             Gather info about images using podman  
portage                                                       Package manager for Gentoo             
portinstall                                                   Installing packages from FreeBSD's port...
postgresql_copy                                               Copy data between a file/program and a ...
postgresql_db                                                 Add or remove PostgreSQL databases from...
postgresql_ext                                                Add or remove PostgreSQL extensions fro...
postgresql_idx                                                Create or drop indexes from a PostgreSQ...
postgresql_info                                               Gather information about PostgreSQL ser...
postgresql_lang                                               Adds, removes or changes procedural lan...
postgresql_membership                                         Add or remove PostgreSQL roles from gro...
postgresql_owner                                              Change an owner of PostgreSQL database ...
postgresql_pg_hba                                             Add, remove or modify a rule in a pg_hb...
postgresql_ping                                               Check remote PostgreSQL server availabi...
postgresql_privs                                              Grant or revoke privileges on PostgreSQ...
postgresql_publication                                        Add, update, or remove PostgreSQL publi...
postgresql_query                                              Run PostgreSQL queries                 
postgresql_schema                                             Add or remove PostgreSQL schema        
postgresql_sequence                                           Create, drop, or alter a PostgreSQL seq...
postgresql_set                                                Change a PostgreSQL server configuratio...
postgresql_slot                                               Add or remove replication slots from a ...
postgresql_table                                              Create, drop, or modify a PostgreSQL ta...
postgresql_tablespace                                         Add or remove PostgreSQL tablespaces fr...
postgresql_user                                               Add or remove a user (role) from a Post...
profitbricks                                                  Create, destroy, start, stop, and reboo...
profitbricks_datacenter                                       Create or destroy a ProfitBricks Virtua...
profitbricks_nic                                              Create or Remove a NIC                 
profitbricks_volume                                           Create or destroy a volume             
profitbricks_volume_attachments                               Attach or detach a volume              
proxmox                                                       management of instances in Proxmox VE c...
proxmox_kvm                                                   Management of Qemu(KVM) Virtual Machine...
proxmox_template                                              management of OS templates in Proxmox V...
proxysql_backend_servers                                      Adds or removes mysql hosts from proxys...
proxysql_global_variables                                     Gets or sets the proxysql global variab...
proxysql_manage_config                                        Writes the proxysql configuration setti...
proxysql_mysql_users                                          Adds or removes mysql users from proxys...
proxysql_query_rules                                          Modifies query rules using the proxysql...
proxysql_replication_hostgroups                               Manages replication hostgroups using th...
proxysql_scheduler                                            Adds or removes schedules from proxysql...
psexec                                                        Runs commands on a remote Windows host ...
pubnub_blocks                                                 PubNub blocks management module        
pulp_repo                                                     Add or remove Pulp repos from a remote ...
puppet                                                        Runs puppet                            
purefa_alert                                                  Configure Pure Storage FlashArray alert...
purefa_arrayname                                              Configure Pure Storage FlashArray array...
purefa_banner                                                 Configure Pure Storage FlashArray GUI a...
purefa_connect                                                Manage replication connections between ...
purefa_dns                                                    Configure FlashArray DNS settings      
purefa_ds                                                     Configure FlashArray Directory Service 
purefa_dsrole                                                 Configure FlashArray Directory Service ...
purefa_facts                                                  Collect facts from Pure Storage FlashAr...
purefa_hg                                                     Manage hostgroups on Pure Storage Flash...
purefa_host                                                   Manage hosts on Pure Storage FlashArray...
purefa_info                                                   Collect information from Pure Storage F...
purefa_ntp                                                    Configure Pure Storage FlashArray NTP s...
purefa_offload                                                Create, modify and delete NFS or S3 off...
purefa_pg                                                     Manage protection groups on Pure Storag...
purefa_pgsnap                                                 Manage protection group snapshots on Pu...
purefa_phonehome                                              Enable or Disable Pure Storage FlashArr...
purefa_ra                                                     Enable or Disable Pure Storage FlashArr...
purefa_smtp                                                   Configure FlashArray SMTP settings     
purefa_snap                                                   Manage volume snapshots on Pure Storage...
purefa_snmp                                                   Configure FlashArray SNMP Managers     
purefa_syslog                                                 Configure Pure Storage FlashArray syslo...
purefa_user                                                   Create, modify or delete FlashArray loc...
purefa_vg                                                     Manage volume groups on Pure Storage Fl...
purefa_volume                                                 Manage volumes on Pure Storage FlashArr...
purefb_bucket                                                 Manage Object Store Buckets on a  Pure ...
purefb_ds                                                     Configure FlashBlade Directory Service 
purefb_dsrole                                                 Configure FlashBlade  Management Direct...
purefb_facts                                                  Collect facts from Pure Storage FlashBl...
purefb_fs                                                     Manage filesystemon Pure Storage FlashB...
purefb_info                                                   Collect information from Pure Storage F...
purefb_network                                                Manage network interfaces in a Pure Sto...
purefb_ra                                                     Enable or Disable Pure Storage FlashBla...
purefb_s3acc                                                  Create or delete FlashBlade Object Stor...
purefb_s3user                                                 Create or delete FlashBlade Object Stor...
purefb_smtp                                                   Configure SMTP for Pure Storage FlashBl...
purefb_snap                                                   Manage filesystem snapshots on Pure Sto...
purefb_subnet                                                 Manage network subnets in a Pure Storag...
pushbullet                                                    Sends notifications to Pushbullet      
pushover                                                      Send notifications via https://pushover...
python_requirements_info                                      Show python path and assert dependency ...
rabbitmq_binding                                              Manage rabbitMQ bindings               
rabbitmq_exchange                                             Manage rabbitMQ exchanges              
rabbitmq_global_parameter                                     Manage RabbitMQ global parameters      
rabbitmq_parameter                                            Manage RabbitMQ parameters             
rabbitmq_plugin                                               Manage RabbitMQ plugins                
rabbitmq_policy                                               Manage the state of policies in RabbitM...
rabbitmq_publish                                              Publish a message to a RabbitMQ queue  
rabbitmq_queue                                                Manage rabbitMQ queues                 
rabbitmq_user                                                 Manage RabbitMQ users                  
rabbitmq_vhost                                                Manage the state of a virtual host in R...
rabbitmq_vhost_limits                                         Manage the state of virtual host limits...
raw                                                           Executes a low-down and dirty command  
rax                                                           create / delete an instance in Rackspac...
rax_cbs                                                       Manipulate Rackspace Cloud Block Storag...
rax_cbs_attachments                                           Manipulate Rackspace Cloud Block Storag...
rax_cdb                                                       create/delete or resize a Rackspace Clo...
rax_cdb_database                                              create / delete a database in the Cloud...
rax_cdb_user                                                  create / delete a Rackspace Cloud Datab...
rax_clb                                                       create / delete a load balancer in Rack...
rax_clb_nodes                                                 add, modify and remove nodes from a Rac...
rax_clb_ssl                                                   Manage SSL termination for a Rackspace ...
rax_dns                                                       Manage domains on Rackspace Cloud DNS  
rax_dns_record                                                Manage DNS records on Rackspace Cloud D...
rax_facts                                                     Gather facts for Rackspace Cloud Server...
rax_files                                                     Manipulate Rackspace Cloud Files Contai...
rax_files_objects                                             Upload, download, and delete objects in...
rax_identity                                                  Load Rackspace Cloud Identity          
rax_keypair                                                   Create a keypair for use with Rackspace...
rax_meta                                                      Manipulate metadata for Rackspace Cloud...
rax_mon_alarm                                                 Create or delete a Rackspace Cloud Moni...
rax_mon_check                                                 Create or delete a Rackspace Cloud Moni...
rax_mon_entity                                                Create or delete a Rackspace Cloud Moni...
rax_mon_notification                                          Create or delete a Rackspace Cloud Moni...
rax_mon_notification_plan                                     Create or delete a Rackspace Cloud Moni...
rax_network                                                   create / delete an isolated network in ...
rax_queue                                                     create / delete a queue in Rackspace Pu...
rax_scaling_group                                             Manipulate Rackspace Cloud Autoscale Gr...
rax_scaling_policy                                            Manipulate Rackspace Cloud Autoscale Sc...
rds                                                           create, delete, or modify Amazon rds in...
rds_instance                                                  Manage RDS instances                   
rds_instance_info                                             obtain information about one or more RD...
rds_param_group                                               manage RDS parameter groups            
rds_snapshot                                                  manage Amazon RDS snapshots            
rds_snapshot_info                                             obtain information about one or more RD...
rds_subnet_group                                              manage RDS database subnet groups      
read_csv                                                      Read a CSV file                        
reboot                                                        Reboot a machine                       
redfish_command                                               Manages Out-Of-Band controllers using R...
redfish_config                                                Manages Out-Of-Band controllers using R...
redfish_info                                                  Manages Out-Of-Band controllers using R...
redhat_subscription                                           Manage registration and subscriptions t...
redis                                                         Various redis commands, slave and flush
redshift                                                      create, delete, or modify an Amazon Red...
redshift_cross_region_snapshots                               Manage Redshift Cross Region Snapshots 
redshift_info                                                 Gather information about Redshift clust...
redshift_subnet_group                                         manage Redshift cluster subnet groups  
replace                                                       Replace all instances of a particular s...
restconf_config                                               Handles create, update, read and delete...
restconf_get                                                  Fetch configuration/state data from RES...
rhevm                                                         RHEV/oVirt automation                  
rhn_channel                                                   Adds or removes Red Hat software channe...
rhn_register                                                  Manage Red Hat Network registration usi...
rhsm_release                                                  Set or Unset RHSM Release version      
rhsm_repository                                               Manage RHSM repositories using the subs...
riak                                                          This module handles some common Riak op...
rocketchat                                                    Send notifications to Rocket Chat      
rollbar_deployment                                            Notify Rollbar about app deployments   
route53                                                       add or delete entries in Amazons Route5...
route53_health_check                                          add or delete health-checks in Amazons ...
route53_info                                                  Retrieves route53 details using AWS met...
route53_zone                                                  add or delete Route53 zones            
routeros_command                                              Run commands on remote devices running ...
routeros_facts                                                Collect facts from remote devices runni...
rpm_key                                                       Adds or removes a gpg key from the rpm ...
rundeck_acl_policy                                            Manage Rundeck ACL policies            
rundeck_project                                               Manage Rundeck projects                
runit                                                         Manage runit services                  
s3_bucket                                                     Manage S3 buckets in AWS, DigitalOcean,...
s3_bucket_notification                                        Creates, updates or deletes S3 Bucket n...
s3_lifecycle                                                  Manage s3 bucket lifecycle rules in AWS
s3_logging                                                    Manage logging facility of an s3 bucket...
s3_sync                                                       Efficiently upload multiple files to S3
s3_website                                                    Configure an s3 bucket as a website    
say                                                           Makes a computer to speak              
scaleway_compute                                              Scaleway compute management module     
scaleway_image_facts                                          Gather facts about the Scaleway images ...
scaleway_image_info                                           Gather information about the Scaleway i...
scaleway_ip                                                   Scaleway IP management module          
scaleway_ip_facts                                             Gather facts about the Scaleway ips ava...
scaleway_ip_info                                              Gather information about the Scaleway i...
scaleway_lb                                                   Scaleway load-balancer management modul...
scaleway_organization_facts                                   Gather facts about the Scaleway organiz...
scaleway_organization_info                                    Gather information about the Scaleway o...
scaleway_security_group                                       Scaleway Security Group management modu...
scaleway_security_group_facts                                 Gather facts about the Scaleway securit...
scaleway_security_group_info                                  Gather information about the Scaleway s...
scaleway_security_group_rule                                  Scaleway Security Group Rule management...
scaleway_server_facts                                         Gather facts about the Scaleway servers...
scaleway_server_info                                          Gather information about the Scaleway s...
scaleway_snapshot_facts                                       Gather facts about the Scaleway snapsho...
scaleway_snapshot_info                                        Gather information about the Scaleway s...
scaleway_sshkey                                               Scaleway SSH keys management module    
scaleway_user_data                                            Scaleway user_data management module   
scaleway_volume                                               Scaleway volumes management module     
scaleway_volume_facts                                         Gather facts about the Scaleway volumes...
scaleway_volume_info                                          Gather information about the Scaleway v...
script                                                        Runs a local script on a remote node af...
seboolean                                                     Toggles SELinux booleans               
sefcontext                                                    Manages SELinux file context mapping de...
selinux                                                       Change policy and state of SELinux     
selinux_permissive                                            Change permissive domain in SELinux pol...
selogin                                                       Manages linux user to SELinux user mapp...
sendgrid                                                      Sends an email with the SendGrid API   
sensu_check                                                   Manage Sensu checks                    
sensu_client                                                  Manages Sensu client configuration     
sensu_handler                                                 Manages Sensu handler configuration    
sensu_silence                                                 Manage Sensu silence entries           
sensu_subscription                                            Manage Sensu subscriptions             
seport                                                        Manages SELinux network port type defin...
serverless                                                    Manages a Serverless Framework project 
service                                                       Manage services                        
service_facts                                                 Return service state information as fac...
set_fact                                                      Set host facts from a task             
set_stats                                                     Set stats for the current ansible run  
setup                                                         Gathers facts about remote hosts       
sf_account_manager                                            Manage SolidFire accounts              
sf_check_connections                                          Check connectivity to MVIP and SVIP    
sf_snapshot_schedule_manager                                  Manage SolidFire snapshot schedules    
sf_volume_access_group_manager                                Manage SolidFire Volume Access Groups  
sf_volume_manager                                             Manage SolidFire volumes               
shell                                                         Execute shell commands on targets      
skydive_capture                                               Module which manages flow capture on in...
skydive_edge                                                  Module to add edges to Skydive topology
skydive_node                                                  Module which add nodes to Skydive topol...
sl_vm                                                         create or cancel a virtual instance in ...
slack                                                         Send Slack notifications               
slackpkg                                                      Package manager for Slackware >= 12.2  
slurp                                                         Slurps a file from remote nodes        
slxos_command                                                 Run commands on remote devices running ...
slxos_config                                                  Manage Extreme Networks SLX-OS configur...
slxos_facts                                                   Collect facts from devices running Extr...
slxos_interface                                               Manage Interfaces on Extreme SLX-OS net...
slxos_l2_interface                                            Manage Layer-2 interface on Extreme Net...
slxos_l3_interface                                            Manage L3 interfaces on Extreme Network...
slxos_linkagg                                                 Manage link aggregation groups on Extre...
slxos_lldp                                                    Manage LLDP configuration on Extreme Ne...
slxos_vlan                                                    Manage VLANs on Extreme Networks SLX-OS...
smartos_image_info                                            Get SmartOS image details              
snap                                                          Manages snaps                          
snmp_facts                                                    Retrieve facts for a device using SNMP 
snow_record                                                   Manage records in ServiceNow           
snow_record_find                                              Search for multiple records from Servic...
sns                                                           Send Amazon Simple Notification Service...
sns_topic                                                     Manages AWS SNS topics and subscription...
solaris_zone                                                  Manage Solaris zones                   
sorcery                                                       Package manager for Source Mage GNU/Lin...
spectrum_device                                               Creates/deletes devices in CA Spectrum 
spotinst_aws_elastigroup                                      Create, update or delete Spotinst AWS E...
sqs_queue                                                     Creates or deletes AWS SQS queues      
sros_command                                                  Run commands on remote devices running ...
sros_config                                                   Manage Nokia SR OS device configuration
sros_rollback                                                 Configure Nokia SR OS rollback         
ss_3par_cpg                                                   Manage HPE StoreServ 3PAR CPG          
stackdriver                                                   Send code deploy and annotation events ...
stacki_host                                                   Add or remove host to stacki front-end 
stat                                                          Retrieve file or file system status    
statusio_maintenance                                          Create maintenance windows for your sta...
sts_assume_role                                               Assume a role using AWS Security Token ...
sts_session_token                                             Obtain a session token from the AWS Sec...
subversion                                                    Deploys a subversion repository        
supervisorctl                                                 Manage the state of a program or group ...
svc                                                           Manage daemontools services            
svr4pkg                                                       Manage Solaris SVR4 packages           
swdepot                                                       Manage packages with swdepot package ma...
swupd                                                         Manages updates and bundles in ClearLin...
synchronize                                                   A wrapper around rsync to make common t...
sysctl                                                        Manage entries in sysctl.conf          
syslogger                                                     Log messages in the syslog             
syspatch                                                      Manage OpenBSD system patches          
systemd                                                       Manage services                        
sysvinit                                                      Manage SysV services                   
taiga_issue                                                   Creates/deletes an issue in a Taiga Pro...
telegram                                                      module for sending notifications via te...
telnet                                                        Executes a low-down and dirty telnet co...
tempfile                                                      Creates temporary files and directories
template                                                      Template a file out to a remote server 
terraform                                                     Manages a Terraform deployment (and pla...
timezone                                                      Configure timezone setting             
tower_credential                                              create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_credential_type                                         Create, update, or destroy custom Ansib...
tower_group                                                   create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_host                                                    create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_inventory                                               create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_inventory_source                                        create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_job_cancel                                              Cancel an Ansible Tower Job            
tower_job_launch                                              Launch an Ansible Job                  
tower_job_list                                                List Ansible Tower jobs                
tower_job_template                                            create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_job_wait                                                Wait for Ansible Tower job to finish   
tower_label                                                   create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_notification                                            create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_organization                                            create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_project                                                 create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_receive                                                 Receive assets from Ansible Tower      
tower_role                                                    create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_send                                                    Send assets to Ansible Tower           
tower_settings                                                Modify Ansible Tower settings          
tower_team                                                    create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_user                                                    create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
tower_workflow_launch                                         Run a workflow in Ansible Tower        
tower_workflow_template                                       create, update, or destroy Ansible Towe...
twilio                                                        Sends a text message to a mobile phone ...
typetalk                                                      Send a message to typetalk             
ucs_disk_group_policy                                         Configures disk group policies on Cisco...
ucs_dns_server                                                Configure DNS servers on Cisco UCS Mana...
ucs_ip_pool                                                   Configures IP address pools on Cisco UC...
ucs_lan_connectivity                                          Configures LAN Connectivity Policies on...
ucs_mac_pool                                                  Configures MAC address pools on Cisco U...
ucs_managed_objects                                           Configures Managed Objects on Cisco UCS...
ucs_ntp_server                                                Configures NTP server on Cisco UCS Mana...
ucs_org                                                       Manages UCS Organizations for UCS Manag...
ucs_san_connectivity                                          Configures SAN Connectivity Policies on...
ucs_service_profile_template                                  Configures Service Profile Templates on...
ucs_storage_profile                                           Configures storage profiles on Cisco UC...
ucs_timezone                                                  Configures timezone on Cisco UCS Manage...
ucs_uuid_pool                                                 Configures server UUID pools on Cisco U...
ucs_vhba_template                                             Configures vHBA templates on Cisco UCS ...
ucs_vlan_find                                                 Find VLANs on Cisco UCS Manager        
ucs_vlans                                                     Configures VLANs on Cisco UCS Manager  
ucs_vnic_template                                             Configures vNIC templates on Cisco UCS ...
ucs_vsans                                                     Configures VSANs on Cisco UCS Manager  
ucs_wwn_pool                                                  Configures WWNN or WWPN pools on Cisco ...
udm_dns_record                                                Manage dns entries on a univention corp...
udm_dns_zone                                                  Manage dns zones on a univention corpor...
udm_group                                                     Manage of the posix group              
udm_share                                                     Manage samba shares on a univention cor...
udm_user                                                      Manage posix users on a univention corp...
ufw                                                           Manage firewall with UFW               
unarchive                                                     Unpacks an archive after (optionally) c...
uptimerobot                                                   Pause and start Uptime Robot monitoring
uri                                                           Interacts with webservices             
urpmi                                                         Urpmi manager                          
user                                                          Manage user accounts                   
utm_aaa_group                                                 Create, update or destroy an aaa group ...
utm_aaa_group_info                                            get info for reverse_proxy frontend ent...
utm_ca_host_key_cert                                          create, update or destroy ca host_key_c...
utm_ca_host_key_cert_info                                     Get info for a ca host_key_cert entry i...
utm_dns_host                                                  create, update or destroy dns entry in ...
utm_network_interface_address                                 Create, update or destroy network/inter...
utm_network_interface_address_info                            Get info for a network/interface_addres...
utm_proxy_auth_profile                                        create, update or destroy reverse_proxy...
utm_proxy_exception                                           Create, update or destroy reverse_proxy...
utm_proxy_frontend                                            create, update or destroy reverse_proxy...
utm_proxy_frontend_info                                       create, update or destroy reverse_proxy...
utm_proxy_location                                            create, update or destroy reverse_proxy...
utm_proxy_location_info                                       create, update or destroy reverse_proxy...
vca_fw                                                        add remove firewall rules in a gateway ...
vca_nat                                                       add remove nat rules in a gateway  in a...
vca_vapp                                                      Manages vCloud Air vApp instances      
vcenter_extension                                             Register/deregister vCenter Extensions 
vcenter_extension_facts                                       Gather facts vCenter extensions        
vcenter_extension_info                                        Gather info vCenter extensions         
vcenter_folder                                                Manage folders on given datacenter     
vcenter_license                                               Manage VMware vCenter license keys     
vdirect_commit                                                Commits pending configuration changes o...
vdirect_file                                                  Uploads a new or updates an existing ru...
vdirect_runnable                                              Runs templates and workflow actions in ...
vdo                                                           Module to control VDO                  
vertica_configuration                                         Updates Vertica configuration parameter...
vertica_info                                                  Gathers Vertica database facts         
vertica_role                                                  Adds or removes Vertica database roles ...
vertica_schema                                                Adds or removes Vertica database schema...
vertica_user                                                  Adds or removes Vertica database users ...
vexata_eg                                                     Manage export groups on Vexata VX100 st...
vexata_volume                                                 Manage volumes on Vexata VX100 storage ...
virt                                                          Manages virtual machines supported by l...
virt_net                                                      Manage libvirt network configuration   
virt_pool                                                     Manage libvirt storage pools           
vmadm                                                         Manage SmartOS virtual machines and zon...
vmware_about_facts                                            Provides information about VMware serve...
vmware_about_info                                             Provides information about VMware serve...
vmware_category                                               Manage VMware categories               
vmware_category_facts                                         Gather facts about VMware tag categorie...
vmware_category_info                                          Gather info about VMware tag categories
vmware_cfg_backup                                             Backup / Restore / Reset ESXi host conf...
vmware_cluster                                                Manage VMware vSphere clusters         
vmware_cluster_drs                                            Manage Distributed Resource Scheduler (...
vmware_cluster_ha                                             Manage High Availability (HA) on VMware...
vmware_cluster_info                                           Gather info about clusters available in...
vmware_cluster_vsan                                           Manages virtual storage area network (v...
vmware_content_deploy_template                                Deploy Virtual Machine from template st...
vmware_content_library_info                                   Gather information about VMware Content...
vmware_content_library_manager                                Create, update and delete VMware conten...
vmware_datacenter                                             Manage VMware vSphere Datacenters      
vmware_datastore_cluster                                      Manage VMware vSphere datastore cluster...
vmware_datastore_info                                         Gather info about datastores available ...
vmware_datastore_maintenancemode                              Place a datastore into maintenance mode
vmware_deploy_ovf                                             Deploys a VMware virtual machine from a...
vmware_dns_config                                             Manage VMware ESXi DNS Configuration   
vmware_drs_group                                              Creates vm/host group in a given cluste...
vmware_drs_group_facts                                        Gathers facts about DRS VM/Host groups ...
vmware_drs_group_info                                         Gathers info about DRS VM/Host groups o...
vmware_drs_rule_facts                                         Gathers facts about DRS rule on the giv...
vmware_drs_rule_info                                          Gathers info about DRS rule on the give...
vmware_dvs_host                                               Add or remove a host from distributed v...
vmware_dvs_portgroup                                          Create or remove a Distributed vSwitch ...
vmware_dvs_portgroup_facts                                    Gathers facts DVS portgroup configurati...
vmware_dvs_portgroup_find                                     Find portgroup(s) in a VMware environme...
vmware_dvs_portgroup_info                                     Gathers info DVS portgroup configuratio...
vmware_dvswitch                                               Create or remove a Distributed Switch  
vmware_dvswitch_lacp                                          Manage LACP configuration on a Distribu...
vmware_dvswitch_nioc                                          Manage distributed switch Network IO Co...
vmware_dvswitch_pvlans                                        Manage Private VLAN configuration of a ...
vmware_dvswitch_uplink_pg                                     Manage uplink portproup configuration o...
vmware_evc_mode                                               Enable/Disable EVC mode on vCenter     
vmware_export_ovf                                             Exports a VMware virtual machine to an ...
vmware_folder_info                                            Provides information about folders in a...
vmware_guest                                                  Manages virtual machines in vCenter    
vmware_guest_boot_facts                                       Gather facts about boot options for the...
vmware_guest_boot_info                                        Gather info about boot options for the ...
vmware_guest_boot_manager                                     Manage boot options for the given virtu...
vmware_guest_custom_attribute_defs                            Manage custom attributes definitions fo...
vmware_guest_custom_attributes                                Manage custom attributes from VMware fo...
vmware_guest_customization_facts                              Gather facts about VM customization spe...
vmware_guest_customization_info                               Gather info about VM customization spec...
vmware_guest_disk                                             Manage disks related to virtual machine...
vmware_guest_disk_facts                                       Gather facts about disks of given virtu...
vmware_guest_disk_info                                        Gather info about disks of given virtua...
vmware_guest_file_operation                                   Files operation in a VMware guest opera...
vmware_guest_find                                             Find the folder path(s) for a virtual m...
vmware_guest_info                                             Gather info about a single VM          
vmware_guest_move                                             Moves virtual machines in vCenter      
vmware_guest_network                                          Manage network adapters of specified vi...
vmware_guest_powerstate                                       Manages power states of virtual machine...
vmware_guest_screenshot                                       Create a screenshot of the Virtual Mach...
vmware_guest_sendkey                                          Send USB HID codes to the Virtual Machi...
vmware_guest_snapshot                                         Manages virtual machines snapshots in v...
vmware_guest_snapshot_info                                    Gather info about virtual machine's sna...
vmware_guest_tools_upgrade                                    Module to upgrade VMTools              
vmware_guest_tools_wait                                       Wait for VMware tools to become availab...
vmware_guest_video                                            Modify video card configurations of spe...
vmware_guest_vnc                                              Manages VNC remote display on virtual m...
vmware_host                                                   Add, remove, or move an ESXi host to, f...
vmware_host_acceptance                                        Manage the host acceptance level of an ...
vmware_host_active_directory                                  Joins an ESXi host system to an Active ...
vmware_host_capability_facts                                  Gathers facts about an ESXi host's capa...
vmware_host_capability_info                                   Gathers info about an ESXi host's capab...
vmware_host_config_facts                                      Gathers facts about an ESXi host's adva...
vmware_host_config_info                                       Gathers info about an ESXi host's advan...
vmware_host_config_manager                                    Manage advanced system settings of an E...
vmware_host_datastore                                         Manage a datastore on ESXi host        
vmware_host_dns_facts                                         Gathers facts about an ESXi host's DNS ...
vmware_host_dns_info                                          Gathers info about an ESXi host's DNS c...
vmware_host_facts                                             Gathers facts about remote ESXi hostsys...
vmware_host_feature_facts                                     Gathers facts about an ESXi host's feat...
vmware_host_feature_info                                      Gathers info about an ESXi host's featu...
vmware_host_firewall_facts                                    Gathers facts about an ESXi host's fire...
vmware_host_firewall_info                                     Gathers info about an ESXi host's firew...
vmware_host_firewall_manager                                  Manage firewall configurations about an...
vmware_host_hyperthreading                                    Enables/Disables Hyperthreading optimiz...
vmware_host_ipv6                                              Enables/Disables IPv6 support for an ES...
vmware_host_kernel_manager                                    Manage kernel module options on ESXi ho...
vmware_host_lockdown                                          Manage administrator permission for the...
vmware_host_ntp                                               Manage NTP server configuration of an E...
vmware_host_ntp_facts                                         Gathers facts about NTP configuration o...
vmware_host_ntp_info                                          Gathers info about NTP configuration on...
vmware_host_package_facts                                     Gathers facts about available packages ...
vmware_host_package_info                                      Gathers info about available packages o...
vmware_host_powermgmt_policy                                  Manages the Power Management Policy of ...
vmware_host_powerstate                                        Manages power states of host systems in...
vmware_host_scanhba                                           Rescan host HBA's and optionally refres...
vmware_host_service_facts                                     Gathers facts about an ESXi host's serv...
vmware_host_service_info                                      Gathers info about an ESXi host's servi...
vmware_host_service_manager                                   Manage services on a given ESXi host   
vmware_host_snmp                                              Configures SNMP on an ESXi host system 
vmware_host_ssl_facts                                         Gather facts of ESXi host system about ...
vmware_host_ssl_info                                          Gather info of ESXi host system about S...
vmware_host_vmhba_facts                                       Gathers facts about vmhbas available on...
vmware_host_vmhba_info                                        Gathers info about vmhbas available on ...
vmware_host_vmnic_facts                                       Gathers facts about vmnics available on...
vmware_host_vmnic_info                                        Gathers info about vmnics available on ...
vmware_local_role_facts                                       Gather facts about local roles on an ES...
vmware_local_role_info                                        Gather info about local roles on an ESX...
vmware_local_role_manager                                     Manage local roles on an ESXi host     
vmware_local_user_facts                                       Gather facts about users on the given E...
vmware_local_user_info                                        Gather info about users on the given ES...
vmware_local_user_manager                                     Manage local users on an ESXi host     
vmware_maintenancemode                                        Place a host into maintenance mode     
vmware_migrate_vmk                                            Migrate a VMK interface from VSS to VDS
vmware_object_role_permission                                 Manage local roles on an ESXi host     
vmware_portgroup                                              Create a VMware portgroup              
vmware_portgroup_facts                                        Gathers facts about an ESXi host's Port...
vmware_portgroup_info                                         Gathers info about an ESXi host's Port ...
vmware_resource_pool                                          Add/remove resource pools to/from vCent...
vmware_resource_pool_facts                                    Gathers facts about resource pool infor...
vmware_resource_pool_info                                     Gathers info about resource pool inform...
vmware_tag                                                    Manage VMware tags                     
vmware_tag_info                                               Manage VMware tag info                 
vmware_tag_manager                                            Manage association of VMware tags with ...
vmware_target_canonical_facts                                 Return canonical (NAA) from an ESXi hos...
vmware_target_canonical_info                                  Return canonical (NAA) from an ESXi hos...
vmware_vcenter_settings                                       Configures general settings on a vCente...
vmware_vcenter_statistics                                     Configures statistics on a vCenter serv...
vmware_vm_host_drs_rule                                       Creates vm/host group in a given cluste...
vmware_vm_info                                                Return basic info pertaining to a VMwar...
vmware_vm_shell                                               Run commands in a VMware guest operatin...
vmware_vm_storage_policy_info                                 Gather information about vSphere storag...
vmware_vm_vm_drs_rule                                         Configure VMware DRS Affinity rule for ...
vmware_vm_vss_dvs_migrate                                     Migrates a virtual machine from a stand...
vmware_vmkernel                                               Manages a VMware VMkernel Adapter of an...
vmware_vmkernel_facts                                         Gathers VMKernel facts about an ESXi ho...
vmware_vmkernel_info                                          Gathers VMKernel info about an ESXi hos...
vmware_vmkernel_ip_config                                     Configure the VMkernel IP Address      
vmware_vmotion                                                Move a virtual machine using vMotion, a...
vmware_vsan_cluster                                           Configure VSAN clustering on an ESXi ho...
vmware_vspan_session                                          Create or remove a Port Mirroring sessi...
vmware_vswitch                                                Manage a VMware Standard Switch to an E...
vmware_vswitch_facts                                          Gathers facts about an ESXi host's vswi...
vmware_vswitch_info                                           Gathers info about an ESXi host's vswit...
voss_command                                                  Run commands on remote devices running ...
voss_config                                                   Manage Extreme VOSS configuration secti...
voss_facts                                                    Collect facts from remote devices runni...
vsphere_copy                                                  Copy a file to a VMware datastore      
vsphere_file                                                  Manage files on a vCenter datastore    
vultr_account_facts                                           Gather facts about the Vultr account   
vultr_account_info                                            Get information about the Vultr account
vultr_block_storage                                           Manages block storage volumes on Vultr 
vultr_block_storage_facts                                     Gather facts about the Vultr block stor...
vultr_block_storage_info                                      Get information about the Vultr block s...
vultr_dns_domain                                              Manages DNS domains on Vultr           
vultr_dns_domain_facts                                        Gather facts about the Vultr DNS domain...
vultr_dns_domain_info                                         Gather information about the Vultr DNS ...
vultr_dns_record                                              Manages DNS records on Vultr           
vultr_firewall_group                                          Manages firewall groups on Vultr       
vultr_firewall_group_facts                                    Gather facts about the Vultr firewall g...
vultr_firewall_group_info                                     Gather information about the Vultr fire...
vultr_firewall_rule                                           Manages firewall rules on Vultr        
vultr_network                                                 Manages networks on Vultr              
vultr_network_facts                                           Gather facts about the Vultr networks a...
vultr_network_info                                            Gather information about the Vultr netw...
vultr_os_facts                                                Gather facts about the Vultr OSes avail...
vultr_os_info                                                 Get information about the Vultr OSes av...
vultr_plan_facts                                              Gather facts about the Vultr plans avai...
vultr_plan_info                                               Gather information about the Vultr plan...
vultr_region_facts                                            Gather facts about the Vultr regions av...
vultr_region_info                                             Gather information about the Vultr regi...
vultr_server                                                  Manages virtual servers on Vultr       
vultr_server_facts                                            Gather facts about the Vultr servers av...
vultr_server_info                                             Gather information about the Vultr serv...
vultr_ssh_key                                                 Manages ssh keys on Vultr              
vultr_ssh_key_facts                                           Gather facts about the Vultr SSH keys a...
vultr_ssh_key_info                                            Get information about the Vultr SSH key...
vultr_startup_script                                          Manages startup scripts on Vultr       
vultr_startup_script_facts                                    Gather facts about the Vultr startup sc...
vultr_startup_script_info                                     Gather information about the Vultr star...
vultr_user                                                    Manages users on Vultr                 
vultr_user_facts                                              Gather facts about the Vultr user avail...
vultr_user_info                                               Get information about the Vultr user av...
vyos_banner                                                   Manage multiline banners on VyOS device...
vyos_command                                                  Run one or more commands on VyOS device...
vyos_config                                                   Manage VyOS configuration on remote dev...
vyos_facts                                                    Get facts about vyos devices           
vyos_interface                                                Manage Interface on VyOS network device...
vyos_interfaces                                               Manages interface attributes of VyOS ne...
vyos_l3_interface                                             Manage L3 interfaces on VyOS network de...
vyos_l3_interfaces                                            Manages L3 interface attributes of VyOS...
vyos_lag_interfaces                                           Manages attributes of link aggregation ...
vyos_linkagg                                                  Manage link aggregation groups on VyOS ...
vyos_lldp                                                     Manage LLDP configuration on VyOS netwo...
vyos_lldp_global                                              Manage link layer discovery protocol (L...
vyos_lldp_interface                                           Manage LLDP interfaces configuration on...
vyos_lldp_interfaces                                          Manages attributes of lldp interfaces o...
vyos_logging                                                  Manage logging on network devices      
vyos_ping                                                     Tests reachability using ping from VyOS...
vyos_static_route                                             Manage static IP routes on Vyatta VyOS ...
vyos_system                                                   Run `set system` commands on VyOS devic...
vyos_user                                                     Manage the collection of local users on...
vyos_vlan                                                     Manage VLANs on VyOS network devices   
wait_for                                                      Waits for a condition before continuing
wait_for_connection                                           Waits until remote system is reachable/...
wakeonlan                                                     Send a magic Wake-on-LAN (WoL) broadcas...
webfaction_app                                                Add or remove applications on a Webfact...
webfaction_db                                                 Add or remove a database on Webfaction 
webfaction_domain                                             Add or remove domains and subdomains on...
webfaction_mailbox                                            Add or remove mailboxes on Webfaction  
webfaction_site                                               Add or remove a website on a Webfaction...
win_acl                                                       Set file/directory/registry permissions...
win_acl_inheritance                                           Change ACL inheritance                 
win_audit_policy_system                                       Used to make changes to the system wide...
win_audit_rule                                                Adds an audit rule to files, folders, o...
win_certificate_store                                         Manages the certificate store          
win_chocolatey                                                Manage packages using chocolatey       
win_chocolatey_config                                         Manages Chocolatey config settings     
win_chocolatey_facts                                          Create a facts collection for Chocolate...
win_chocolatey_feature                                        Manages Chocolatey features            
win_chocolatey_source                                         Manages Chocolatey sources             
win_command                                                   Executes a command on a remote Windows ...
win_copy                                                      Copies files to remote locations on win...
win_credential                                                Manages Windows Credentials in the Cred...
win_defrag                                                    Consolidate fragmented files on local v...
win_disk_facts                                                Show the attached disks and disk inform...
win_disk_image                                                Manage ISO/VHD/VHDX mounts on Windows h...
win_dns_client                                                Configures DNS lookup on Windows hosts 
win_dns_record                                                Manage Windows Server DNS records      
win_domain                                                    Ensures the existence of a Windows doma...
win_domain_computer                                           Manage computers in Active Directory   
win_domain_controller                                         Manage domain controller/member server ...
win_domain_group                                              Creates, modifies or removes domain gro...
win_domain_group_membership                                   Manage Windows domain group membership 
win_domain_membership                                         Manage domain/workgroup membership for ...
win_domain_user                                               Manages Windows Active Directory user a...
win_dotnet_ngen                                               Runs ngen to recompile DLLs after .NET ...
win_dsc                                                       Invokes a PowerShell DSC configuration 
win_environment                                               Modify environment variables on windows...
win_eventlog                                                  Manage Windows event logs              
win_eventlog_entry                                            Write entries to Windows event logs    
win_feature                                                   Installs and uninstalls Windows Feature...
win_file                                                      Creates, touches or removes files or di...
win_file_version                                              Get DLL or EXE file build version      
win_find                                                      Return a list of files based on specifi...
win_firewall                                                  Enable or disable the Windows Firewall 
win_firewall_rule                                             Windows firewall automation            
win_format                                                    Formats an existing volume or a new vol...
win_get_url                                                   Downloads file from HTTP, HTTPS, or FTP...
win_group                                                     Add and remove local groups            
win_group_membership                                          Manage Windows local group membership  
win_hostname                                                  Manages local Windows computer name    
win_hosts                                                     Manages hosts file entries on Windows  
win_hotfix                                                    Install and uninstalls Windows hotfixes
win_http_proxy                                                Manages proxy settings for WinHTTP     
win_iis_virtualdirectory                                      Configures a virtual directory in IIS  
win_iis_webapplication                                        Configures IIS web applications        
win_iis_webapppool                                            Configure IIS Web Application Pools    
win_iis_webbinding                                            Configures a IIS Web site binding      
win_iis_website                                               Configures a IIS Web site              
win_inet_proxy                                                Manages proxy settings for WinINet and ...
win_lineinfile                                                Ensure a particular line is in a file, ...
win_mapped_drive                                              Map network drives for users           
win_msg                                                       Sends a message to logged in users on W...
win_netbios                                                   Manage NetBIOS over TCP/IP settings on ...
win_nssm                                                      Install a service using NSSM           
win_optional_feature                                          Manage optional Windows features       
win_owner                                                     Set owner                              
win_package                                                   Installs/uninstalls an installable pack...
win_pagefile                                                  Query or change pagefile configuration 
win_partition                                                 Creates, changes and removes partitions...
win_path                                                      Manage Windows path environment variabl...
win_pester                                                    Run Pester tests on Windows hosts      
win_ping                                                      A windows version of the classic ping m...
win_power_plan                                                Changes the power plan of a Windows sys...
win_product_facts                                             Provides Windows product and license in...
win_psexec                                                    Runs commands (remotely) as another (pr...
win_psmodule                                                  Adds or removes a Windows PowerShell mo...
win_psrepository                                              Adds, removes or updates a Windows Powe...
win_rabbitmq_plugin                                           Manage RabbitMQ plugins                
win_rds_cap                                                   Manage Connection Authorization Policie...
win_rds_rap                                                   Manage Resource Authorization Policies ...
win_rds_settings                                              Manage main settings of a Remote Deskto...
win_reboot                                                    Reboot a windows machine               
win_reg_stat                                                  Get information about Windows registry ...
win_regedit                                                   Add, change, or remove registry keys an...
win_region                                                    Set the region and format settings     
win_regmerge                                                  Merges the contents of a registry file ...
win_robocopy                                                  Synchronizes the contents of two direct...
win_route                                                     Add or remove a static route           
win_say                                                       Text to speech module for Windows to sp...
win_scheduled_task                                            Manage scheduled tasks                 
win_scheduled_task_stat                                       Get information about Windows Scheduled...
win_security_policy                                           Change local security policy settings  
win_service                                                   Manage and query Windows services      
win_share                                                     Manage Windows shares                  
win_shell                                                     Execute shell commands on target hosts 
win_shortcut                                                  Manage shortcuts on Windows            
win_snmp                                                      Configures the Windows SNMP service    
win_stat                                                      Get information about Windows files    
win_tempfile                                                  Creates temporary files and directories
win_template                                                  Template a file out to a remote server 
win_timezone                                                  Sets Windows machine timezone          
win_toast                                                     Sends Toast windows notification to log...
win_unzip                                                     Unzips compressed files and archives on...
win_updates                                                   Download and install Windows updates   
win_uri                                                       Interacts with webservices             
win_user                                                      Manages local Windows user accounts    
win_user_profile                                              Manages the Windows user profiles      
win_user_right                                                Manage Windows User Rights             
win_wait_for                                                  Waits for a condition before continuing
win_wait_for_process                                          Waits for a process to exist or not exi...
win_wakeonlan                                                 Send a magic Wake-on-LAN (WoL) broadcas...
win_webpicmd                                                  Installs packages using Web Platform In...
win_whoami                                                    Get information about the current user ...
win_xml                                                       Manages XML file content on Windows hos...
xattr                                                         Manage user defined extended attributes
xbps                                                          Manage packages with XBPS              
xenserver_facts                                               get facts reported on xenserver        
xenserver_guest                                               Manages virtual machines running on Cit...
xenserver_guest_info                                          Gathers information for virtual machine...
xenserver_guest_powerstate                                    Manages power states of virtual machine...
xfconf                                                        Edit XFCE4 Configurations              
xfs_quota                                                     Manage quotas on XFS filesystems       
xml                                                           Manage bits and pieces of XML files or ...
yarn                                                          Manage node.js packages with Yarn      
yum                                                           Manages packages with the `yum' package...
yum_repository                                                Add or remove YUM repositories         
zabbix_action                                                 Create/Delete/Update Zabbix actions    
zabbix_group                                                  Create/delete Zabbix host groups       
zabbix_group_info                                             Gather information about Zabbix hostgro...
zabbix_host                                                   Create/update/delete Zabbix hosts      
zabbix_host_info                                              Gather information about Zabbix host   
zabbix_hostmacro                                              Create/update/delete Zabbix host macros
zabbix_maintenance                                            Create Zabbix maintenance windows      
zabbix_map                                                    Create/update/delete Zabbix maps       
zabbix_mediatype                                              Create/Update/Delete Zabbix media types
zabbix_proxy                                                  Create/delete/get/update Zabbix proxies
zabbix_screen                                                 Create/update/delete Zabbix screens    
zabbix_template                                               Create/update/delete/dump Zabbix templa...
zfs                                                           Manage zfs                             
zfs_delegate_admin                                            Manage ZFS delegated administration (us...
zfs_facts                                                     Gather facts about ZFS datasets        
znode                                                         Create, delete, retrieve, and update zn...
zpool_facts                                                   Gather facts about ZFS pools           
zypper                                                        Manage packages on SUSE and openSUSE   
zypper_repository                                             Add and remove Zypper repositories     
